Link-based cluster ensembles for heterogeneous biological data analysis. Finding Informative Genes from Multiple Microarray Experiments: A Graph-based Consensus Maximization Model. Based on bioinformatics approach to explore the novel targets and activity of multiple ingredients in Shuang-Huang-Lian (Using bioinformatics approach to explore the machanisms of a modern formula). Cracked tongue recognition using statistic feature. Research on the construction of data element of TCM diagnosis and treatment informations. A portable pulse signal acquiring and monitoring system based on Android platform. Affective state recognition from EEG with deep belief networks. Prioritizing human disease genes by multiple data integration. Enhancing the accuracy of knowledge discovery: A supervised learning method. Computational prediction of toxicity. Link-based identification of survival time-related biological pathways. Innovative navigation of health discussion forums based on relationship extraction and medical ontologies. Prediction of hot regions in protein-protein interaction based on the Gi statistics and cascade classifier. Estimating a gene's mutation burden by the number of observed synonymous base substitutions. Network-based identification of smoking-associated gene signature for lung cancer. Treatment for knee osteoarthritis by needlel-medicine of mutual reinforcement school. TCMISS-based analysis on the regularity of ancient TCM prescriptions for chronic renal failure. Effect of Chinese bone-seting for chronic low back pain. Microbial abundance patterns of host obesity inferred by the structural incorporation of association measures into interpretable classifiers. No-Reference Compression of Genomic Data Stored in FASTQ Format. Identification of Breast Cancer Gene Signature in Protein Interaction Network Using Graph Centrality. Towards simultaneous clustering and motif-modeling for a large number of protein family. Predicting ligand binding residues using multi-positional correlations and kernel canonical correlation analysis. A new method for computational drug repositioning using drug pairwise similarity. Manifold-constrained regularization for variable selection in envrionmental microbiomic data. Patient information extraction in noisy tele-health texts. Learning Condition-Dependent Dynamical PPI Networks from Conflict-Sensitive Phosphorylation Dynamics. Application of clustering analysis to explore syndrome evolution law of peritoneal dialysis patients. Stratified Random Forest for Genome-wide Association Study. CSF protein dynamic driver network: At the crossroads of brain tumorigenesis. Research on the component law of Chinese medicine for osteonecrosis of the femeral head and the development of new recipes through unsupervised data mining methods. Modeling exome sequencing data with generalized Gaussian distribution with application to copy number variation detection. Scalable, updatable predictive models for sequence data. The chaotic behavior of the endoplasmic-reticulum network in time-lapse microscopy images. Learning to rank based gene summary extraction. Predicting protein complexes in protein interaction networks: A supervised learning based method. Regional multimedia distribution of nanomaterials and associated exposures: A software platform. TCM syndrome differentiation of AIDS using subspace clustering algorithm. The effects of different types of music on electroencephalogram. Study of the regularities in the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris by TCM: Applying association rule mining to TCM literature. Protein folding structure optimization based on GAPSO algorithm in the off-lattice model. Health tracking framework for Hajj pilgrims using electronic health records for Hajj. Efficient updates of network motif instances in the extended protein-protein interaction network. Morphometric analysis of sciatic nerve images: A directional gradient approach. The role of Eigen-matrix translation in classification of biological datasets. Predicting the onset of bullous pemphigoid with co-morbidities: A survey based on a nationwide medical database. LEVIS: A hypertension dataset in traditional Chinese medicine. Multi-label Learning for Protein Subcellular Location Prediction. A Novel Algorithm for Multi-class Cancer Diagnosis on MALDI-TOF Mass Spectra. Comprehensive human membrane protein database. Selection of preprocessing methodology for multivariate regression of cellular FTIR and Raman spectra in radiobiological analyses. Identification and characterization of accessory genomes in bacterial species based on genome comparison and metagenomic recruitment. Network analysis reveals complex interactions in heat shock response in the malaria parasite. Identifying Ovarian Cancer Chemotherapy Response Relevant Gene Cliques. In Silico Target Portal: An integrated Oncology target discovery web portal. PathwayLinks: Network analysis of metabolic pathways across bacterial organisms in a community. Object Segmentation by Comparison of Active Contour Snake and Level Set in Biomedical Applications. Separation model of Generalized Reference Curve Measurement for HPLC-DAD and it solution by multi-target Bare Bones Particle Swarm Optimization. A neural network approach to the identification of b-/y-ions in MS/MS spectra. Research on the component law of Chinese medicine for knee osteoarthritis and the development of new recipes through unsupervised data mining methods. A multi-model reverse-engineering algorithm for large gene regulation networks. Assessing dairy manure pathogen indicator inactivation under anaerobic and aerobic digestions in mesophilic temperature. Image registration using consistent robust point matching. A Simple and Accurate Method for Rogue Taxon Identification. Detection of protein complexes in protein interaction networks is improved through network-driven functional homogeneity analysis. OWA-PSSM - A position specific scoring matrix based method integrated with OWA weights for HLA-DR peptide binding prediction. Protein functional module detection based on closely associated degree. Research on the pattern of TCM and severity for atopic dermatitis: A retrospective study. ENteric Immunity SImulator: A Tool for in silico Study of Gut Immunopathologies. Nanotoxicity modeling in multidimentional cube. In-silico analysis of EGFR-associated microRNA signature in cancer. Personalized microbial network inference via co-regularized spectral clustering. Rules of acupoint selection in acupoint application therapy on coronary heart disease: A text mining study. Prediction of human disease-specific phosphorylation sites with combined feature selection approach and support vector machine. Clustering PPI Data Based on Bacteria Foraging Optimization Algorithm. Advantages of combination of acupuncture with Chinese medicine treatment of clinical disease. Assessing ancestral genome reconstruction methods by resampling. An efficient multiple protein structure comparison method and its application to structure clustering and outlier detection. Application of acupuncture on coronary heart disease treatment: A text mining study. Optimizing analytical depth and cost efficiency of IEF-LC/MS proteomics. Gene expression rule discovery with a multi-objective neural-genetic hybrid. Sparse nonnegative matrix factorization with the elastic net. Histological Image Feature Mining Reveals Emergent Diagnostic Properties for Renal Cancer. An auscultatory technique of Chinese medicine: Pattern recognition based on timbre of human-voice matching with standardized patterns of sound from Bianzhong of Marquis Yi of Zeng (***). Comprehensive assessment of gait signals using multiple time scale features. Unsupervised kernel parameter estimation by constrained nonlinear optimization for clustering nonlinear biological data. Multigrid discretization method for PopZ polarization in Caulobacter cell cycle. Quantifying brain activity for task engagement. Ranking of cancer genes in Markov chain model through integration of heterogeneous sources of data. Prediction of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 drug resistance: Representation of target sequence mutational patterns via an n-grams approach. Approximate Common Intervals in Multiple Genome Comparison. Identifying hypertrophic cardiomyopathy patients by classifying individual heartbeats from 12-lead ECG signals. Correlating interactions with gene expressions to detect protein complexes in protein interaction networks. The e!DAL JAVA-API: Store, share and cite primary data in life sciences. Evaluation of short read metagenomic assembly. Modeling semantic influence for biomedicai research topics using MeSH hierarchy. Accelerating incremental wrapper based gene selection with K-Nearest-Neighbor. NetLoc: Network based protein localization prediction using protein-protein interaction and co-expression networks. RMA with quantile normalization mixes biological signals between different sample groups in microarray data analysis. Utilizing cis-elements to refine gene regulatory networks. CEO a cloud epistasis computing model in GWAS. Truncation of protein sequences for fast profile alignment with application to subcellular localization. Improve Accuracy of Peptide Identification with Consistency between Peptides. Populating Local Minima in the Protein Conformational Space. Computerized color analysis for facial diagnosis in traditional Chinese medicine. Supervised Link Discovery on Large-Scale Biomedical Concept Networks. A study of fitness functions in evolutionary algorithms on symptom-herb relationship discovery. Study of colorimetrie parameters on normal tongue tip color under different standard illuminants. Rex: A toolset for reproducing software experiments. Predicing Yeast Synthetic Lethal Genetic Interactions Using Short Polypeptide Clusters. Wellbeing as a proxy for a mHealth study. A semi-informative aware approach using topic model for medical search. Inferring semantic similarity through correlating information contents of gene ontology terms. A comparison study on protein-protein interaction network models. A novel method to improve recognition of antimicrobial peptides through distal sequence-based features. Analyzing conformance to clinical protocols involving advanced synchronizations. Human-machine-environment cyber-physical system and hierarchical task planning to support independent living. Remote health monitoring system for detecting cardiac disorders. Exploratory analysis of the BioAssay Network with implications to therapeutic discovery. caNanoLab: A nanomaterial data repository for biomedical research. A semantic feature space for disease prediction. Hierarchical decomposition of vessel skeletons for graph creation and feature extraction. Fang-Feng-Tang's potential therapeutic agents for rheumatoid arthritis. Identifying protein complexes based on local fitness method. Generalized Adjacency in Genetic Networks and the Conservation of Functional Gene Clusters. CUDA-MAFFT: Accelerating MAFFT on CUDA-enabled graphics hardware. Manifold learning reveals nonlinear structure in metagenomic profiles. LogisticCrypt - A logistic model of intestinal crypt structure. BIMMER: A Bi-layer hidden Markov model for differential methylation analysis. Mental Stress Detection Based on Soft Computing Techniques. Drug-target network in myocardial infarction: A structural analysis. A possible mutation that enables H1N1 influenza a virus to escape antibody recognition. Similar patient search using the results of heartbeat classification. Proarrhythmic effects of cisapride: Insights from a simulation study. A parameterless automatic spot detection method for cDNA microarray images. Inference of gene regulatory networks by integrating gene expressions and genetic perturbations. Maps, rates, and fuzzy mountains: Generating meaningful risk maps. Improving Prediction Accuracy of Protein-DNA Docking with GPU Computing. Recognizing drosha processing sites by a two-step prediction model with structure and sequence information. The syndrome differentiation model and program of traditional Chinese medicine based on the fuzzy recognition. Cardinal Multiridgelet-based Prostate Cancer Histological Image Classification for Gleason Grading. Prediction of low coverage prone regions for Illumina sequencing projects using a support vector machine. Improving prediction accuracy of influenza-like illnesses in hospital emergency departments. Improved mammographic mass retrieval performance using multi-view information. Cost decisions in the development of disease knowledge base : A case study. Augmenting LASSO regression with decision tree for identifying the correlation of genetic polymorphism and adverse events. Integration of multiple annotators by aggregating experts and filtering novices. Acupuncture combined with acupoint injection for treatment of peripheral facial paralysis review. Application of data mining technology in analysis of characteristics of Chinese medicine to treat cervical spondylotic myelopathy. Application on space-time coding technology in ultrasonic back-propagation method. Informatization oriented the decision-making of physicians in the context of ZHENG differentiation of traditional medicine. An integrated approach to identify protein complex based on best neighbor and modularity increment. Diagnostic Classification of Digital Mammograms by Wavelet-Based Spectral Tools: A Comparative Study. Microbiome dynamics analysis using a novel multivariate vector autoregression model with weighted fusion regularization. GWISFI: A universal GPU interface for exhaustive search of pairwise interactions in case-control GWAS in minutes. Exploring the relation between the characteristics of protein interaction networks and the performances of computational complex detection methods. Development of the Cardiac failure expert system for Chinese medicine diagnosis based on database. Hybrid SVM/CART classification of pathogenic species of bacterial meningitis with surface-enhanced Raman scattering. Expoliting rich features for promoting diversity in biomedical information retrieval. Using cluster analysis to improve gene selection in the formation of discriminant rules for the prediction of disease outcomes. The effect of unhealthy β-cells in synchronized insulin secretion. Towards a multi-level framework for supporting systematic review - A pilot study. Pathogen host interaction prediction via matrix factorization. Combining gene expression and function in a spatially localized approach. Exploring gaze-motor imagery hybrid brain-computer interface design. imiRTP: An Integrated Method to Identifying miRNA-target Interactions in Arabidopsis thaliana. Modeling Gene Regulatory Subnetworks from Time Course Gene Expression Data. Phylogenetic reconstruction with gene rearrangements and gene losses. A framework for the creation of prediction models for serious adverse events. Aligning protein-protein interaction networks using random neural networks. Simplicity - Enabling a rapid route to publication. Placement of unique restriction sites in synthetic genomes using multi-objective optimization. Association mining of search tags in PubMed search sessions. Particle swarm optimization-based bio-network discovery method for the diagnosis of colorectal cancer. Digital asset management for heterogeneous biomedical data in an era of data-intensive science. Ontology matching based traditional Chinese medicine clinical information sharing system. Classification of tongue coating using Gabor and Tamura features on unbalanced data set. An intelligent diagnosis method for Chronis hepatitis B in TCM. Communities analysis in protein-protein interaction networks. Cough detection using deep neural networks. Identification of essential proteins based on network capital assessment and invalidating protein node. PPIExtractor: A protein-protein interaction Extractor for biomédical literature. Exploring basic treatment principles for liver cancer within Chinese herbal medicine through text mining. Towards a formal representation of clinical practice guidelines for the treatment of comorbid patients. Prediction of Trans-regulators of Recombination Hotspots in Mouse Genome. Predicting Malignancy from Mammography Findings and Surgical Biopsies. A systems biology approach to identify proliferative biomarkers and pathways in breast cancer. Classification of neonatal amplitude-integrated EEG using random forest model with combined feature. Scaffold-based chemical space exploration. The study of abnormal red tongue tip chromatic measurements and analysis. Implementing replica exchange molecular dynamics using work queue. LA2SNE: A novel stochastic neighbor embedding approach for microbiome data visualization. Autoregressive modeling of DNA features for short exon recognition. Machine learning approaches for the investigation of features beyond seed matches affecting miRNA binding. Deep graph search based disease related knowledge summarization from biomedical literature. Prediction of novel systems components in cell cycle regulation in malaria parasite by subnetwork alignments. A novel approach to breast cancer-related disease genes discovered through variation of density modularity. Similarity analysis of feature ranking techniques on imbalanced DNA microarray datasets. Metabolomic profiling for biomarker discovery in pancreatic cancer. Comparative study of an HIV risk scorecard and regression models to rank effects of demographic characteristics on risk of aquiring an HIV infection. A sparse integrative cluster analysis for understanding soybean phenotypes. COPD lifestyle support through self-management (CALS). Mining Gene-centric Relationships from Literature to Support Drug Discovery. Identifying essential proteins based on protein domains in protein-protein interaction networks. Method to accelerate prediction of membrane protein types by CUDA. Antihypertensive effect of acupuncturing at KI3 in spontaneously hypertensive rats. A Naïve Bayes classifier for differential diagnosis of Long QT Syndrome in children. Research status and prospect of internal therapies of TCM to the recovery of gastrointestinal function after abdominal operation. The application characteristics of traditional Chinese medical science treatment on headache based on data-mining Apriori algorithm. Differential coexpression analysis in gene modules level and its application to type 2 diabetes. A study on monoamine neurotransmitters in ovariectomized female rats with different Chinese herbs treatment. Acupoint injection combined with acupuncture for insomnia with cardiacsplenic asthenia: A research protocol for clinical trial. ECG monitoring techniques using advanced signal recovery and arm worn sensors. Personalized semantic assistance for the curation of biochemical literature. SmartSpaghetti: Use of smart devices to solve health care problems. Prioritizing journals relevant to a topic for addressing clinicians' information needs. Picking out herbs with analogous efficacy based on MeSH semantic similarity. Applying a user-centered, rapid-prototyping methodology with quantified self: A case study with triathletes. Inferring Transcript Phylogenies. Semi-supervised imputation for microarray missing value estimation. Infer gene regulatory networks from time series data with formal methods. MDAsim: A multiple displacement amplification simulator. Structural parsimony: Reductions in sequence space. Accurate detection of SNPs using base-specific cleavage and mass spectrometry. Labor contraction prediction via demographic and obstetrical information analysis. Coupling Oriented Hidden Markov Random Field Model with Local Clustering for Segmenting Blood Vessels and Measuring Spatial Structures in Images of Tumor Microenvironment. Exploration of leukemia gene regulatory networks using a systems biology approach. Application of critical condition scoring scale of traditional Chinese medicine in predicting operative risks for elder patients with orthopedic surgery. Finding genomic features from enriched regions in ChlP-Seq data. Drug resistance gene identification algorithm for next-generation sequencing data. How affective computing could complement and advance the quantified self. Hypothesis Generation and Evaluation in Clinical Trial Design. Discovering Drug-Protein Interactions Based on their Fingerprints. Stochastic Models for Studying the Degradation of mRNA Molecules. A case-based meta-learning algorithm boosts the performance of structure-based virtual screening. Intracranial pressure level prediction in traumatic brain injury by extracting features from multiple sources and using machine learning methods. Biological Interpretation of Model-Reference Adaptive Control in a Mass Action Kinetics Metabolic Pathway Model. The clinical efficacy of transfusion of cytokine-induced killer cells combined with chemotherapy and XiaoJi decoction in patients with stage IIIB/IV non-small cell lung cancer. Genealogical-based method for ontology self-extension in MeSH. An information-theoretic algorithm to data-driven genetic pathway interaction network reconstruction of dynamic systems. The interpretation of researching thoughts on migraine treated by acupuncture integrated with Chinese traditional medicine. BioVLAB-MMIA: A Reconfigurable Cloud Computing Environment for microRNA and mRNA Integrated Analysis. Significance analysis by minimizing false discovery rate. Effect of Tuina therapy and Baduanjin exercise for primary fibromyalgia syndrome: A prospective, randomized study. Connectivity and path analysis for neuron network in the Drosophila brain. Prediction of the pro-longevity or anti-longevity effect of Caenorhabditis Elegans genes based on Bayesian classification methods. Template-based scoring functions for visualizing biological insights of H-2K A Comparative Assessment of Conventional and Machine-Learning-Based Scoring Functions in Predicting Binding Affinities of Protein-Ligand Complexes. Using open data in health care and tourism. A model of cellular decision making in photodynamic therapy of cancer. Visual data exploration of soil bacteria susceptible to engineered nanomaterials. FluRF, an automated flu virus reassortment finder based on phylogenetic trees. Network analysis for anti-rheumatoid arthritis TCM prescriptions. Active Protein Interaction Network and Its Application on Protein Complex Detection. Application of patient-reported outcomes in clinical evaluation of acupuncture for cervical spondylosis with artificial neural network. Mining protein complexes based on connected affinity clique extension. StemSearch: RNA search tool based on stem identification and indexing. Deploying swarm intelligence in medical imaging. Protein 8-class secondary structure prediction using Conditional Neural Fields. Model-free expectation maximization for divisive hierarchical clustering of multicolor flow cytometry data. ESclassifier: A random forest classifier for detection of exon skipping events from RNA-Seq data. Coreference resolution in biomedical texts. Detecting critical cardiac events with 12 lead ECG data. Multi-instance learning for skin biopsy image features recognition. A fast pattern matching algorithm for highly similar sequences. A common factor-analytic model for classification. Improved automatic filtering algorithm for imbalanced classification based on SVM-RFE. Automatic capture of provenance data in genome project workflows. Locating basic bio-entities in genome-scale reconstructed metabolic networks. Inference of microbial interactions from time series data using vector autoregression model. Integration of gene expression, genome wide DNA methylation, and gene networks for clinical outcome prediction in ovarian cancer. Study on the mechanism of cervical vertigo treated with needle-knife therapy. Ranking SVM for multiple kernels output combination in protein-protein interaction extraction from biomedical literature. M-Finder: Functional association mining from protein interaction networks weighted by semantic similarity. The detection of Chinese herbal rules for Gastro-esophageal reflux disease by data mining. Identifying essential proteins via integration of protein interaction and gene expression data. An automatic procedure to search highly repetitive sequences in genome as fluorescence in situ hybridization probes and its application on Brachypodium distachyon. Linking and querying genomic datasets using natural language. Semantic Predications for Complex Information Needs in Biomedical Literature. A New Measurement for Evaluating Clusters in Protein Interaction Networks. Formal Modeling and Analysis of Biological Regulatory Networks Using SPIN. Complex network approach for analyzing TCM clinical herb-symptom relationships. PhylOnt: A domain-specific ontology for phylogeny analysis. Classification and characterization of clinical finding expressions in medical literature. Identifying context-specific transcription factor targets from prior knowledge and gene expression data. Exploring potential therapeutic agents of Duhuo-Jisheng-Tang for rheumatoid arthritis. Predicting immunogenic T-cell epitopes by combining various sequence-derived features. On the design of advanced filters for biological networks using graph theoretic properties. An adaptive feature selection method for microarray data analysis. Protein-protein interaction prediction via Collective Matrix Factorization. Discovering causal patterns in TCM clinical prescription data using set-theoretic approach. Joint search in text and concept spaces for EMR-based cohort identification. Evidence-based decision support for the clinical practice of acupuncture: Data mining approaches. Spatially constrained fuzzy hyper-prototype clustering with application to brain tissue segmentation. Fast sparse representation approaches for the classification of high-dimensional biological data. Reconstruction of Large-Scale Gene Regulatory Networks Using Bayesian Model Averaging. Decision Support in Safety Intelligence Using Pharmaconnect Knowledgebase. An accurate scalable template-based alignment algorithm. Application of statistical physics for the identification of important events in visual lifelogs. Two-stage clustering based effective sample selection for classification of pre-miRNAs. Bibliometrics in syndrome distribution of anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding. Improving Kernel-based protein-protein interaction extraction by unsupervised word representation. GPA: An algorithm for LC/MS based glycan profile annotation. Protein Sequence Classification Using Feature Hashing. (3) The CellOrganizer project: An open source system to learn image-derived models of subcellular organization over time and space. An ontology-based approach for text mining of stroke electronic medical records. Genome-wide association analysis with matched samples discloses additional novel risk loci. Examining the sublineage structure of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex strains with multiple-biomarker tensors. A two-stage machine learning approach for pathway analysis. Evaluation of herbal medicine's bioactivity capacity prediction algorithms. Prediction of protein structures using a map-reduce Hadoop framework based simulated annealing algorithm. Robust hidden semi-Markov modeling of array CGH data. Efficient and accurate clustering for large-scale genetic mapping. An analysis of the area under the ROC curve and its use as a metric for comparing clinical scorecards. Distinguishing single-stranded and double-stranded DNA binding proteins based on structural information. Not AU protein complexes exhibit dense structures in S. cerevisiae PPI network. A Differential Evolution-Based System Supporting Medical Diagnosis through Automatic Knowledge Extraction from Databases. Prediction of hot regions in protein-protein interactions based on complex network and community detection. Motion Artifact Correction in ASL images: An Improved Automated Procedure. Detection of Conflicts and Inconsistencies in Taxonomy-Based Authorization Policies. Efficient basin hopping in the protein energy surface. Combining AR filter and sparse Wavelet representation for P300 speller. Non-negative matrix and tensor factorization based classification of clinical microarray gene expression data. A matching framework for modeling symptom and medication relationships from clinical notes. Improving health records search using multiple query expansion collections. Looking at our data-perspectives from mindfulness apps and quantified self as a daily practice. The influence of acupuncture therapy on early rehabilitation following anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: A randomized controlled trial. Gene similarity-based approaches for determining core-genes of chloroplasts. Latin square dataset for evaluating the accuracy of mass spectrometry-based protein identification and quantification. An XML format for electroencephalogram data presentation (eegML). Different interventions for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome-adjusted indirect comparison. A fuzzy inference system for predicting allergenicity and allergic cross-reactivity in proteins. On privacy-preserving publishing of spontaneous ADE reporting data. TAMeBS: A sensitive bisulfite-sequencing read mapping tool for DNA methylation analysis. Intra- and inter-sparse multiple output regression with application on environmental microbial community study. Efficient filtration for similarity search with spaced k-mer neighbors. Co-training and ensemble based duplicate detection in adverse drug event reporting systems. Lung deformation estimation using spatially mean shift for 4D-CT. Arithmetic computation using self-assembly of DNA tiles: Integer power over finite field GF(2 NWE: Node-weighted expansion for protein complex prediction using random walk distances. A new method for measuring the semantic similarity on gene ontology. Semi-supervised Learning of Alternatively Spliced Exons Using Co-training. Intrinsic features of biomedicai document for the efficient single document summarization. Biomedical concept extraction using concept graphs and ontology-based mapping. Automatic and fast registration method for image-guided surgery. Selecting informative genes by Lasso and Dantzig selector for linear classifiers. Modelling non-stationary gene regulatory process with hidden Markov Dynamic Bayesian Network. Aid decision of Chinese traditional patent medicine based on manifold ranking. A generalized sequence pattern matching algorithm using complementary dual-seeding. PSI-RA: A parallel sparse index for read alignment on genomes. Storing provenance data of genome project workflows using graph database. Efficient Calculation of Structural Similarity Threshold for the SCAN Network Clustering Algorithm. A protein-peptide docking program with modeling receptor flexible areas. IsoKEGG: A logic based system for querying biological pathways in KEGG. Understanding synergetic activities of Fuzi-Dahuang herb pairs based on network pharmacology. The role of autonomic nerve in sepsis and certain possible acupuncture therapy. Employing Machine Learning Techniques for Data Enrichment: Increasing the Number of Samples for Effective Gene Expression Data Analysis. Dual-function biomarkers for detection of breast cancer and its cancer type: Invasive versus non-invasive. Exploring the molecular mechanism of Juan-Bi-Tang for Feng-Han-Shi-Bi syndrome in rheumatoid arthritis. Meta-classification model for diabetes onset forecast: A proof of concept. A non-parameter Ising model for network-based identification of differentially expressed genes in recurrent breast cancer patients. Extracting BI-RADS features from Portuguese clinical texts. Inferring global a priori identifiability of optical biosensor experiment models. A model to predict and analyze protein-protein interaction types using electrostatic energies. Intrinsic Disorder in Putative Protein Sequences. LSH-Div: Species diversity estimation using locality sensitive hashing. An accurate, automatic method for markerless alignment of electron tomographic images. Microarray Time-Series Data Clustering Using Rough-Fuzzy C-Means Algorithm. Rotation crossover and K-site move mutation for evolutionary protein folding in 3D FCC HP model (preliminary version). Developing a linguistically annotated corpus of Chinese electronic medical record. Biomedical image segmentation for semantic visual feature extraction. Fast Algorithm for Clustering a Large Number of Protein Structural Decoys. Generating features for named entity recognition by learning prototypes in semantic space: The case of de-identifying health records. Two-step segmentation of Hematoxylin-Eosin stained histopathological images for prognosis of breast cancer. Early classification of multivariate time series using a hybrid HMM/SVM model. Hybrid method inference for the construction of cooperative regulatory network in human. Identifying dynamic protein complexes based on gene expression profiles and PPI networks. Prediction of DNA-binding protein based on alpha shape modeling. Understanding biomedicai research collaborations through social network analysis: A case study. Study on the extraction method of decoction for Spleen deficiency syndrome. Detecting adverse drug events with multiple representations of clinical measurements. Formalization of clinical trial eligibility criteria: Evaluation of a pattern-based approach. Ancient terms of chronic renal failure: The key to ancient literature mining. A novel seeding method based on spatial sliding volume filter for neuron reconstruction. The immediate effects of Chinese bone-setting in patients with acute ankle sprain. Customized management of clinical data in traditional Chinese medicine. (1) Obstacles and options for big-data applications in biomedicine: The role of standards and normalizations. An effective method to analyze variations of high-dimensional patterns over medical streams. Stress induces biphasic-rewiring and modularization patterns in the metabolomic networks of Escherichia coli. Automatically recommending healthy living programs to patients with chronic diseases through hybrid content-based and collaborative filtering. Critical protein detection in dynamic PPI networks with multi-source integrated deep belief nets. Exploring matrix factorization techniques for significant genes identification of microarray dataset. Improving annotation quality in gene ontology by mining cross-ontology weighted association rules. A link prediction based unsupervised rank aggregation algorithm for informative gene selection. Aligning ligand binding cavities by optimizing superposed volume. Essential Protein Discovery Based on Network Motif and Gene Ontology. A probabilistic framework for inferring ancestral genomic orders. Cis-regulatory module detection using constraint programming. Functional module-centric interpretation of transcriptomic change between human and chimpanzee cerebral cortex. De-noise biological network from heterogeneous sources via link propagation. A Term Association Approach for Genomics Information Retrieval. Tessellation-based coarse registration method for 3D reconstruction of the female torso. Identification of critical location on a microstructural bone network. Ancient medical literature semantic annotation using hidden markov models. Protein-protein interaction network constructing based on text mining and reinforcement learning with application to prostate cancer. Visualization of the sets of DNA sequences using self organizing maps based on correlation coefficients. Minimum dominating sets in cell cycle specific protein interaction networks. Automatic working area localization in blood smear microscopic images using machine learning algorithms. HPC+Azure environment for bioinformatics applications. Investigating the pattern of syndrome based on the difference of symptom network in depression. Mining Protein Interactions and Gene Expression Data to Gain Insights into Drug-induced Toxicity Mechanisms. Local k-core clustering for gene networks. Preserving Narratives in Electronic Health Records. Relation extraction from biomedical literature with minimal supervision and grouping strategy. The Protein-Protein Interaction extraction based on full texts. Stroke unit of integrative medicine for post stroke comorbid anxiety and depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of 25 randomized controlled trials. Automatic tongue image segmentation based on histogram projection and matting. Protein-protein interaction prediction using desolvation energies and interface properties. A novel proteins complex identification based on connected affinity and multi-level seed extension. Evaluation of Lauge-Hansen classification for ankle fractures and follow-up management. An automated blood vessel extraction algorithm in fundus images. Sesame: A new bioinformatics semantic workflow design system. Inhibitory effects of Yinqiaosan and its disassembled prescription on viral influenza. Novel discovery on mathematical relationship of five elements of containing notes and Fibonacci modular sequence. Profiling adverse drug events of cancer drug ingredients using normalized AERS data. A normalization method for multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) data. Improving robustness of gene ranking by resampling and permutation based score correction and normalization. Data integration and supervised learning based protein complex detection method. Employing Weighted Biological Network Structure for Finding Disease Genetic Markers in SNP Association Studies. Protein Structure Visualization by Dimension Reduction and Texture Mapping. Robust RFCM algorithm for identification of co-expressed miRNAs. Gene selection using 1-norm regularization for multi-class microarray data. Prioritization of candidate genes based on disease similarity and protein's proximity in PPI networks. Exploring a multi-source fusion approach for genomics information retrieval. Strain distribution and detection of drug sensitivity in 119 cases of vulvovaginal candidiasis. The investigation of laws underlying association rules of treating coronary heart disease which by famous old TCM doctor Wang Xing-kuan. Comparative study of pulse-diagnosis signals between 2 kinds of liver disease patients based on the combination of unsupervised learning and supervised learning. Integrated analysis of the various types of microarray data using linear-mixed effects models. Spaced seed data structures. Commet: Comparing and combining multiple metagenomic datasets. RNA2DMap: A Visual Exploration Tool of the Information in RNA's Higher-Order Structure. Epileptic EEG signal analysis and identification based on nonlinear features. Multi-class Joint Rule Extraction and Feature Selection for Biological Data. Relation between the Yin-cold or Yang-heat syndrome type of TCM and the EGFR gene status in patients with NSCLC. A 3D segmentation framework for an accurate extraction of the spongy and cortical bones from the MRI data. A heterogeneous compute solution for optimized genomic selection analysis. A Constraint Dynamic Graph Approach to Identify the Secondary Structure Topology from cryoEM Density Data in Presence of Errors. Pre-miRNA classification via combinatorial feature mining and boosting. Signaling adverse drug reactions with novel feature-based similarity model. Eigenspectra, a robust regression method for multiplexed Raman spectra analysis. An efficient sequential pattern mining algorithm for motifs with gap constraints. Colour vision deficiency correction in image processing. Compression via compressive sensing: A low-power framework for the telemonitoring of multi-channel physiological signals. Cluster tree based multi-label classification for protein function prediction. Systematic measurement of missmatch effect for designing inter-species microarray. An evaluation of identification of suspected autism spectrum disorder (ASD) cases in early intervention (EI) records. Arrhythmia detection from heartbeat using k-nearest neighbor classifier. Analyzing the relationship between traditional Chinese medicine patterns and biochemical parameters in CKD population based on informations sharing system. Solving training issues in the application of the wavelet transform to precisely analyze human body acceleration signals. Detection and application of CagA sequence markers for assessing risk factor of gastric cancer caused by Helicobacter pylori. Functional network disruption in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. PBSalign: Sequence-independent local alignment of protein binding sites. Exploring the potential therapeutic mechanism of Xiao-Yao-San for major depression. ELMDF: A new classification algorithm based on Data Field. G-Bean: An ontology-graph based web tool for biomedical literature retrieval. SiS: Significant subnetworks in massive number of network topologies. Research on the thought of needle-medicine of mutual reinforcement school. Periodicity detection in lifelog data with missing and irregularly sampled data. Classification of multicolor fluorescence in-situ hybridization (M-FISH) image using structure based sparse representation model. Development of "dynamic acupoint interior resistance detecting and analyzing system". Predicting Kinase-specific Phosphorylation Sites Using a Multitask Classification Framework. Applying bioinformatic technique to discovery molecular mechansim of Banxia and Tianma combination treating tinnitus. Discussion on TCM pulse diagnosis technology evaluation standard. A semi-supervised learning method for Names of Traditional Chinese Prescriptions and Drugs recognition. Research on the psoriasis vulgaris syndrome differentiation standard of traditional Chinese medicine based on data mining technology. IMRT beam angle optimization using differential evolution. Improved biomarker performance for the detection of hepatocellular carcinoma by inclusion of clinical parameters. Reconstructing isoform graphs from RNA-Seq data. Analysis of the correlation between the ambulatory arterial stiffness index, circadian rhythm and TCM syndrome differentiation in patients with essential hypertension. Bio marker identification for diagnosis of schizophrenia with integrated analysis of fMRI and SNPs. Difference between traditional acupuncture combined with herbal medicine and the needle-medicine of mutual reinforcement school in the treatment of tinnitus and deafness. Multi-domain feature extraction from surface EMG signals using nonnegative tensor factorization. Mining the maximum conserved functional module from the alignment of pairwise protein interaction networks. Stability Analysis of Feature Ranking Techniques on Biological Datasets. Inferring regulatory networks through orthologous gene mapping. The removal of ocular artifactsfrom EEG signals: An adaptive modeling technique for portable applications. Using silver and semi-gold standard corpora to compare open named entity recognisers. Biases in information content measurement of gene ontology terms. Exploitation of 3D Stereotactic Surface Projection for automated classification of Alzheimer's disease according to dementia levels. A data mining approach for optimization of acute inflammation therapy. Causal discovery based on healthcare information. Liver segmentation based on SKFCM and improved GrowCut for CT images. Correlative study on TCM syndromes of congestive heart failure, cardiac function and brain natriuretic peptide. Identifying protein binding functionality of protein family sequences by Aligned Pattern clusters. Using unsupervised learning to determine risk level for left ventricular diastolic dysfunction. Finding optimal control policy in Probabilistic Boolean Networks with hard constraints by using integer programming and dynamic programming. Prediction and Evaluation of miRNA - Target Gene Pairs Using K-means Clustering and Bipartite Graphs with Statistical Scoring. A multi-edge graph based de novo peptide sequencing method for HCD spectra. Using bioinformatic technique to discovery Huangqin and Lianqiao combination as a potential new drus for treatment acne. The clinical study of Zhao's thunder fire moxibustion therapy on the type of wind-cold of Bell's palsy. Biomarker development for pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma using integrated analysis of mRNA and miRNA expression. A two-variable model for stochastic modelling of chemical events with multi-step reactions. seGOsa: Software environment for gene ontology-driven similarity assessment. The effect of Bo's abdominal acupuncture combined with rehabilitation exercise on shoulder pain after stroke. Studying the robustness of ensembles of classifiers used for cancer diagnosis using microarrays datasets. Integrating semantic transcriptomic data analysis and knowledge extraction from biological literature. Ontology integration to identify protein complex in protein interaction networks. Using similarity learning to improve network-based gene function prediction. A Network Biology Approach to Predicting Drug Cardiotoxicity. Immune system simulation: Modeling the mast cell. Drug-drug interaction analysis using heterogeneous biological information network. Chronology-Sensitive Hierarchical Clustering of Pyrosequenced DNA Samples of E. coli: A Case Study. eQTL epistasis: Detecting complex interaction effects between multiple loci from eQTL data. Probabilistic Signal Network Models from Multiple Replicates of Sparse Time-Course Data. Data Exploration in Secondary Use of Healthcare Data. A feasibility research on waveform recognition algorithm based on geometric characteristics. PRIMEGENSw3: A Web-Based Tool for High-Throughput Primer and Probe Design. Integrative analysis of chemo-transcriptomic profiles for drug-feature specific gene expression signatures. Study on the general law of traditional Chinese medicine syndrome differentiation for the senile patients of post lumbar surgery. A supervised learning approach to the unsupervised clustering of genes. An advanced method for identifying protein-protein interaction by analyzing TAP/MS data. Simulation of ventricular automaticity induced by reducing inward-rectifier K High-performance computational analysis of glioblastoma pathology images with database support identifies molecular and survival correlates. Pathway based identification of rare mutation effect in cancer. Classification of Schizophrenia Patients with Combined Analysis of SNP and fMRI Data Based on Sparse Representation. Identification and quantification of abundant species from pyrosequences of 16S rRNA by consensus alignment. Semi-supervised feature learning from clinical text. Nonmetric property of diabetes-related genes in human gut microbiome. A scale-free structure prior for Bayesian inference of Gaussian graphical models. Decomposing PPI networks for complex discovery. StemFinder: An efficient algorithm for searching motif stems over large alphabets. Microbiome data integration by robust similarity network fusion. Deriving mutual modes from HPLC fingerprints of traditional Chinese medicine with non-negative matrix factorization. Efficient Multiple Samples aCGH Analysis for Rare CNVs Detection. EmotionO+: Physiological signals knowledge representation and emotion reasoning model for mental health monitoring. Robust segmentation of biomedical figures for image-based document retrieval. CTGR-Span: Efficient mining of cross-timepoint gene regulation sequential patterns from microarray datasets. eXtasy simplified-towards opening the black box. An error detecting and tagging framework for reducing data entry errors in electronic medical records (EMR) system. Drug sensitivity prediction for cancer cell lines based on pairwise kernels and miRNA profiles. SIM: A smartphone-based identity management framework and its application to Arkansas trauma image repository. Text mining driven drug-drug interaction detection. Algorithms to infer metabolic flux ratios from fluxomics data. A discrete Bayesian network framework for discrimination of gene expression profiles. Observation on the mechanism of acupuncture treatment for generalized anxiety disorder using Lieque(LU7), Zhaohai(KI6) as the main acupoints. Automatic Summarization of Results from Clinical Trials. Concurrent analysis of copy number variations and expression profiles to identify genes associated with tumorigenesis and survival outcome in lung adenocarcinoma. The design and implementation of inpatient medical expenses analysis system. MultiP-SChlo: Multi-label protein subchloroplast localization prediction. Syn-Lethality: An integrative knowledge base of synthetic lethality towards discovery of selective anticancer therapies. Gene cluster profile vectors: A novel method to infer functional coupling using both gene proximity and co-occurrence profiles. Different cancer cell lines resistant to the same drug exhibit differences in folate pathway dynamics. Adaptive parallel simulation of a two-timescale model for apoptotic receptor-clustering on GPUs. A parallel multi-objective ab initio approach for protein structure prediction. A curative effect observation on Tianjiu therapy for insomnia. An Improved Graph Entropy-based Method for Identifying Protein Complexes. Enhancing entity annotation using web service and ontology hierarchy in biomedical domains. Exploring clinical efficacy of wrinkled giant hyssop. alns - A searchable and filterable sequence alignment format. Probabilistic Partial Least Square Regression: A Robust Model for Quantitative Analysis of Raman Spectroscopy Data. Prediction of Heme Binding Sites in Heme Proteins Using an Integrative Sequence Profile Coupling Evolutionary Information with Physicochemical Properties. Detection of splicing events and multiread locations from RNA-seq data based on a geometric-tail (GT) distribution of intron length. Using microenvironments to identify allosteric binding sites. Building a classifier for identifying sentences pertaining to disease-drug relationships in tardive dyskinesia. A new perspective of integrative genome-wide association analysis considering trans eSNP effect. Identifying heritable composite traits from multivariate phenotypes and genome-wide SNPs. A comparative study of two matrix factorization methods applied to the classification of gene expression data. Semi-automated microRNA ontology development based on artificial neural networks. Regularity of clinical medication in treatment of insomnia analyzed with data mining approach. Inferring Functional Groups from Microbial Gene Catalogue with Probabilistic Topic Models. Essential protein identification based on essential protein-protein interaction prediction by integrated edge weights. Discovering protein-DNA binding cores by aligned pattern clustering. Towards assigning references using semantic, journal and citation relevance. Unsupervised integration of multiple protein disorder predictors. ENISI SDE: A novel web-based stochastic modeling tool for computational biology. Jueyin of six-meridian syndrome differentiation on Parkinson's disease. Cell Resolution 3D Reconstruction of Developing Multilayer Tissues from Sparsely Sampled Volumetric Microscopy Images. Efficient algorithms for the compression of FASTQ files. Modeling of personal thinking and its application to studies of group thinking over the Internet. Structure-based RNA Function Prediction Using Elastic Shape Analysis. Rule based regression and feature selection for biological data. Acupuncture for tension-type headache: An assessment of clinical reporting quality based on OCSI, STROBE statement and quality assessment for case series. PFGD: A systematic functional genomics resource for Poplar. Fast Westfall-Young permutation procedure for combinatorial regulation discovery. A Pattern Mining Approach for Classifying Multivariate Temporal Data. Mining meaningful topics from massive biomedical literature. Clinical randomized research of 73 cases receiving the acupuncture treatment based on the concept of heart and gall bladder from TCM aspect for Neck Type of Cervical Spondylosis (NTCS). A new approach for multi-omic data integration. Promoting electronic health record search through a time-aware approach. Efficient parallel algorithm for compound comparisons on multi-GPUs. The study of the constitution, mucosal inflammation, Chinese medicine syndrome types and clinical pathology in IgA nephropathy. Benchmarking Short Sequence Mapping Tools. XPFS: A new parallel PROSITE profile search algorithm on Xeon Phi. Systems modeling for reducing medication errors. Predicting distant metastasis in breast cancer using ensemble classifier based on context-specific miRNA regulation modules. Predicting xerostomia induced by IMRT treatments: A logistic regression approach. A survey of pattern classification-based methods for predicting survival time of lung cancer patients. Signaling pathway prediction by path frequency in protein-protein interaction networks. Multi-view biclustering for genotype-phenotype association studies of complex diseases. Medical image based 3D reconstruction and preoperative surgery-planning for microwave ablation. System evaluation of electro-acupuncture (EA) for functional constipation. Concurrent analysis of copy number variation and gene expression: Application in paired non-smoking female lung cancer patients. Assistance in smart homes: Combining passive RFID localization and load signatures of electrical devices. A clustering algorithm for identifying hierarchical and overlapping protein complexes in large PPI networks. Skeleton Timed Up and Go. 3D Neuron Tip Detection in Volumetric Microscopy Images. Bayesian Alignment Model for LC-MS Data. Dataset reconstruction for protein interface identification using manifold learning method. MMSE: A generalized coherence measure for identifying linear patterns. Utilizing Cox regression model to assess the relations between predefined gene sets and the survival outcome of lung adenocarcinoma. Bloodletting therapy combined with paroxetine hydrochloride for generalized anxiety disorder: A randomized controlled trial. A novel algorithm for mining protein complex from the weighted network. Deconvolution of Microarray Data Predicts Transcriptionally Regulated Protein Kinases of Plasmodium falciparum. Online semi-supervised learning: Algorithm and application in metagenomics. Sampling-based methods for a full characterization of energy landscapes of small peptides. Analysis of a computational model of dopamine synthesis and release through perturbation. Integrating multiple biomedical resources for protein complex prediction. Design and evaluation of a tool for reminiscence of life-logged data. Preliminary study on diurnal variation of pulse signals in TCM. Visual speech learning from an e-tutor via dynamic lip movement-based video segmentation and comparison. Targeted profiling of 5-(hydroxy)methylcytosine in genomic DNA from human livers: Next-generation sequencing of target enriched DNA reveals unexpectedly high interindividual variability of cytosine methylation and hydroxymethylation. VASP-S: A Volumetric Analysis and Statistical Model for Predicting Steric Influences on Protein-Ligand Binding Specificity. Toward a Cooperative Natural Language Query Interface for Biological Databases. Automated wound identification system based on image segmentation and Artificial Neural Networks. Clinical application of medicinal vesiculation therapy. Delay-Dependent Stability for Genetic Regulatory Networks. Admission duration model for infant treatment (ADMIT). Using text mining to understand traditional Chinese medicine pathogenesis of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Study of acupuncture therapy on hypertension based on text ming. Feature selection for graph kernels. DMET-miner: Efficient learning of association rules from genotyping data for personalized medicine. CWT-PLSR for quantitative analysis of Raman spectrum. Dimension reduction for p53 protein recognition by using incremental partial least squares. Muscle tissue labeling of human lower extremities in multi-channel mDixon MR imaging: Concepts and applications. A fast and noise-adaptive rough-fuzzy hybrid algorithm for medical image segmentation. Information extraction from nanotoxicity related publications. Probabilistic topic modeling for genomic data interpretation. Mutual information mining for component law and development of new recipes for ankylosing spondylitis. Fitting of superquadrics for breast modelling by geometric distance minimization. Exploring the potential therapeutic mechanism of Da-Fang-Feng-Tang for rheumatoid arthritis. Discovering frequent probability pattern in uncertain biological networks by circuit simulation method. Psychiatric insights into liver cirrhosis and their correlations with traditional Chinese medicine diagnostics. A novel dynamic graph-based computational model for predicting salivary gland branching morphogenesis. Using gene sets to identify putative drugs for breast cancer. Composition of bioinformatics model federations using communication aspects. Comparing gene expression similarity metrics for connectivity map. Study on the distinguishing feature in use of Chinese drugs on cervical spondylosis patients in perimenopausal period through data mining methods. Automatic facial spirit classification for traditional Chinese medicine based on mutiple facial features. A visual analysis approach to cohort study of electronic patient records. R-PASS: A Fast Structure-Based RNA Sequence Alignment Algorithm. Discovering distal regulatory elements by integrating multiple types of chromatin state maps. A new method for predicting essential proteins based on topology potential. Fastq_clean: An optimized pipeline to clean the Illumina sequencing data with quality control. Data driven knowledge acquisition method for domain knowledge enrichment in the healthcare. Ensemble fuzzy c-means clustering algorithms based on KL-Divergence for medical image segmentation. A text-mining analysis on the application of traditional Chinese medicine external therapy and food therapy in hypertension treatment. Identifying growth-patterns in children by applying cluster analysis to electronic medical records. Inferring Fuzzy Cognitive Map models for Gene Regulatory Networks from gene expression data. Automatic analysis method of protein expression images based on generalized data field. MiRNAs as promising phylogenetic markers for inferring deep metazoan phylogeny and in support of Olfactores hypothesis. Exploring the basic laws of acupoints of ischemie cerebrovascular disease in acupuncture treatment through text mining. Prevalence and related factors of anemia among human immunodeficiency virus(HIV)/acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) outpatients in resources limited region of China. Detecting high-risk regions for pressure ulcer risk assessment. A generative framework for prediction and informative risk factor selection of bone diseases. An Iterated Conditional Modes solution for sparse Bayesian factor modeling of transcriptional regulatory networks. Overlapping community detection in social networks. Detecting Pathway Cross-Talks by Analyzing Conserved Functional Modules across Multiple Phenotype-Expressing Organisms. A new mathematical model for progression of colorectal cancer. Characterization of structural features for small regulatory RNAs in Escherichia coli genomes. Using embedded systems to spread assistive technology on multiple devices in smart environments. Fuzzy C-means method with empirical mode decomposition for clustering microarray data. Are static fetal growth charts still suitable for diagnostic purposes? Ensemble-based semi-supervised learning approaches for imbalanced splice site datasets. Heavy path mining reveals novel protein-protein associations in the malaria parasite plasmodium falciparum. Study on the construction of comprehensive risk management system for hospitals of Chinese medicine. A new on-line chemical biology data visualization system. Good management of chronic kidney disease craves for registration system: A case of a single center in China. A general instance representation architecture for protein-protein interaction extraction. Wavelet and PCA for Metabolic Network Comparison. A high-throughput analysis pipeline for large next generation DNA sequencing studies. The design and implementation of inpatient medical expenses analysis system. A Computational Pipeline for LC-MS/MS Based Metabolite Identification. Hypergeometric Similarity Measure for Spatial Analysis in Tissue Imaging Mass Spectrometry. Improved RNA-Seq Partitions in Linear Models for Isoform Quantification. Clinical research on treatment of insomnia due to deficiency of the heart and spleen treated by acupuncture with ear pricking. Comparative study among three different artificial neural networks to infectious diarrhea forecasting. Towards a generic platform for the self-management of chronic conditions. Towards a secure social sensor network. De novo co-assembly of bacterial genomes from multiple single cells. A Bayesian-based prediction model for personalized medical health care. Promoting Ranking Diversity for Biomedical Information Retrieval Based on LDA. Sparse canonical correlation analysis applied to fMRI and genetic data fusion. Mutual information mining for component law and development of new recipes for rheumatoid arthritis. Mining drug-drug interaction patterns from linked data: A case study for Warfarin, Clopidogrel, and Simvastatin. Clinical study on treatment of neck type cervical spondylosis by Acupoints of Neiguan (PC6) combined with medius haemospasia. Computer-Based Image Analysis of Liver Steatosis with Large-Scale Microscopy Imagery and Correlation with Magnetic Resonance Imaging Lipid Analysis. A Hadoop approach to advanced sampling algorithms in molecular dynamics simulation on cloud computing. ForeTell: Facilitating doctor-patient conversation through interactive information visualization of risk prediction index. A Monte Carlo approach to biomedicai time series search. A random walk based approach for improving protein-protein interaction network and protein complex prediction. A Posture Scheduling Algorithm Using Constrained Shortest Path to Prevent Pressure Ulcers. Time scale analysis of receptor enzyme activity: Irreversible inhibition sometimes exhibits incubation-time independence. An integrative network-driven pipeline for the prioritization of Alzheimer's disease genes. Visibility guided multimodal volume visualization. Incremental wrapper based gene selection with Markov blanket. Deep learning for healthcare decision making with EMRs. The medication regularity of traditional Chinese medicine against gout. Cloud computing and its decision-making for medical and health informatization in the context of big data. Evolutionary Conservation of Human Phosphorylation Sites. An efficient motif finding algorithm for large DNA data sets. Sequence and structural features of binding site residues in protein-protein complexes. Soybean knowledge base (SoyKB): Bridging the gap between soybean translational genomics and breeding. An ensemble method for querying gene expression compendia with experimental lists. Iterative correction of suppressed peptide profiles from FTMS measurements. Tumor subtype identification with weighted sparse non-negative matrix factorization for multiple heterogeneous data integration. Budgeted transcript discovery: A framework for joint exploration and validation studies. CAMBer: An approach to support comparative analysis of multiple bacterial strains. Dynamic approximate entropy with band filtering for patient's EEG consciousness analysis. ENISI MSM: A novel multi-scale modeling platform for computational immunology. Detecting SNPs-disease associations using Bayesian networks. Virtual screening, ADMET profiling, molecular docking and dynamics approaches to search for potent selective natural molecule based inhibitors against metallothionein-III to study Alzheimer's disease. A logistic regression based algorithm for identifying human disease genes. Bayesian Classifiers for Chemical Toxicity Prediction. Computation of biochemical pathway fluctuations beyond the linear noise approximation using iNA. K-mer clustering algorithm using a MapReduce approach. On structural identifiability of S-system. Cluster analysis of treatment processes based on the typicalness measure for building clinical pathways. Building cross-scale models of epigenetic mechanisms. Using evolutionary couplings to optimize dimer prediction with Rosetta SymDock. Non-invasive breathing rate detection using a very low power ultra-wide-band radar. Combining homolog and motif similarity data with Gene Ontology relationships for protein function prediction. Pairwise input neural network for target-ligand interaction prediction. Reconstructing biological networks using low order partial correlation. Detecting mutual functional gene clusters from multiple related diseases. Gene clustering by structural prior based local factor analysis model under Bayesian Ying-Yang harmony learning. Bridging encounter forms and electronic medical record databases: Annotation, mapping, and integration. Simulation study of the drug release dynamics. Computational synchronization improves the consistency of gene expression patterns over multiple experiments. A sparse Bayesian multi-instance multi-label model for skin biopsy image analysis. The effect of TCM characteristic therapy on rehabilitation in patients with chronic kidney disease based on information sharing system. Adopting the MapReduce framework to pre-train 1-D and 2-D protein structure predictors with large protein datasets. Detecting seasonal marine microbial communities with symmetrical non-negative matrix factorization. Discriminative Application of String Similarity Methods to Chemical and Non-chemical Names for Biomedical Abbreviation Clustering. A sparse regulatory network of copy-number driven expression reveals putative breast cancer oncogenes. Normal breast identification in screening mammography: A study on 18 000 images. The clinical cohort study on prospective efficacy of CHD Therapeutic Regimen of "the regulation of Pi(Spleen) and protection of Xin(Heart)" method treating CHD patients. Analysis of electrode shape effect on single HeLa cell impedance using COMSOL simulation. SFAPS: An R package for structure/function analysis of protein sequences based on informational spectrum method. Mutual information mining for component law and development of new recipes of topical herbs for atopic dermatitis. A novel protein complex identification algorithm based on gene co-expression (PCIA-GeCo). The application characteristics of acupoints of acupuncture for tension-type headache: An literature research based on Data-Mining Apriori algorithm. A method for mining the empirical formula based on Apriori algorithm. Network-based mutation analysis of putative cancer genes from next-generation sequencing data. A new method for alignment of LC-MALDI-TOF data. A multi-objective program for quantitative subtyping of clinically relevant phenotypes. VISWES: A system for finding related vaccinia virus protein sequences in cancer immune therapy. GUI based smart breast cancer identification system for mammographic images through 2 Regrouping of pattern clusters to reveal characteristics of distinct classes and related classes. Improving interacting residue prediction using long-distance information in hidden Markov models. Exploring rules of traditional Chinese medicine external therapy and food therapy in treatment of mammary gland hyperplasia with text mining. Regional homogeneity change in female depressive patients after abdominal acupuncture treatment. Exploring genomes with a game engine. Identification of functional miRNA regulatory modules and their associations via dynamic miRNA regulatory function. An efficient protein complex mining algorithm based on multistage kernel extension. Peptide charge state determination of tandem mass spectra from low-resolution collision induced dissociation. Network-based inferring drug-disease associations from chemical, genomic and phenotype data. Natural human-robot interaction for elderly and disabled healthcare application. Title: Approach to information management in an externalized business environment. A new tongue diagnosis application on Android platform. Opening the Door to Electronic Medical Records: Using Informatics to Overcome Terabytes. Construct validity of the Chinese version of WHOQOL-BREF & Disabilities module in 1000 adults with disabilities: An Item Response Theory analysis. Network-constrained forest for regularized omics data classification. A two-stage geometric method for detecting unreliable links in protein-protein networks. Predicting protein localization using a domain adaptation na¨ıve Bayes classifier with burrows wheeler transform features. Frequent itemsets compressing based on minimum cover: An efficient method for mining medication law of Chinese herbs. Prioritizing disease-causing genes based on network diffusion and rank concordance. Determining an optimal value of K in K-means clustering. Stability and bifurcation analysis of Hodgkin-Huxley model. Template-based prediction of ribosomal RNA secondary structure. An experimental research for automatic classification of unbalanced single-channel protein sub-cellular location fluorescence image set. Functional Gene Detection and Clustering from Seed Gene Sets. A software framework integrating gene expression patterns, binding site analysis and gene ontology to hypothesize gene regulation relationships. Using aggregate human genome data for individual identification. An algorithm for mapping short reads to a dynamically changing genomic sequence. Probabilistic verification of ER stress-induced signaling pathways. A weighted hypergeometric statistic for the enrichment of gene sets. The effect of measurement approach and noise level on gene selection stability. A dynamic qualitative probabilistic network approach for extracting gene regulatory network motifs. Emulating Insertion and Deletion Events in Genome Rearrangement Analysis. Evaluating topology-based metrics for GO term similarity measures. Evidence of positive selection on D-lactate dehydrogenases in Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus. Rigid registration of 3-D medical image using convex hull matching. English translation of Chinese pediatrie points: A lost land. An accurate classification of native and non-native protein-protein interactions using supervised and semi-supervised learning approaches. Regularized nonnegative matrix factorization for clustering gene expression data. A computational analysis on methylation inhibition during intestinal cancer initiation. A relevance-novelty combined model for genomics search result diversification. Clinical Case: Enhancing medical monitoring with visualization and analytics. Structure identification and parameter estimation of biological s-systems. A novel reinforcement learning framework for online adaptive seizure prediction. PPI modules detection method through ABC-IFC algorithm. Effective and stable feature selection method based on filter for gene signature identification in paired microarray data. Modelling the role of spontaneous and collision induced catastrophe in the self organisation of cortical microtubules. Extending the ball-histogram method with continuous distributions and an application to prediction of DNA-binding proteins. Toward automatically drawn metabolic pathway atlas with peripheral node abstraction algorithm. Multi-objective evolutionary algorithms based Interpretable Fuzzy models for microarray gene expression data analysis. Activity monitoring as a tool for person-centered care: Preliminary report. Quasispecies reconstruction based on vertex coloring algorithms. An Automatic System for Extracting Figures and Captions in Biomedical PDF Documents. Genomic data persistency on a NoSQL database system. Multifactor dimendionality reduction analysis for gene-gene interaction of multiple binary traits. mrNA: The MPI Randomized Numerical Aligner. Prediction of cytochrome P450 inhibition using ensemble of extreme learning machine. Modeling competing endogenous RNA regulatory networks in glioblastoma multiforme. Research on mathematical rationality of the daily running mode of Taiyi in Jiugong. Analysis of TCM syndrome characteristic of 303 patients with stable angina in GuangDong Province. Incorporating semantic similarity into clustering process for identifying protein complexes from Affinity Purification/Mass Spectrometry data. Cost-Sensitive Classification on Pathogen Species of Bacterial Meningitis by Surface Enhanced Raman Scattering. Network-based investigation of genetic modules associated with functional brain networks in schizophrenia. Using Rules to Investigate the Differences in Partonomy between Biomedical Ontologies. Stochastic gene expression modeling with hill function for switch-like gene responses. Packing protein side-chains by parallel ant colonies. Drug-induced QT prolongation prediction using co-regularized multi-view learning. DExTaR: Detection of exact tandem repeats based on the de Bruijn graph. Discussion about traditional Chinese medicine causes, pathogenesis and distribution of syndromes of primary dysmenorrhea among female college students based on questionnaire investigation. Classification of genome-wide copy number variations and their associated SNP and gene networks analysis. Searching association rules of traditional Chinese medicine on Ligusticum wallichii by text mining. A basin hopping algorithm for protein-protein docking. Research on the drugs of addition and subtraction of empirical formula of traditional Chinese medicine based on association rules. GreMuTRRR: A novel genetic algorithm to solve distance geometry problem for protein structures. Apnea MedAssist II: A smart phone based system for sleep apnea assessment. Object behavior mining from mitochondiral shape databases for degenerated nerve disease studies. GPU-based triangulation of the van der Waals surface. New approaches for better-informed decisions. ProKinO: A Framework for Protein Kinase Ontology. Global analysis of miRNA target genes in colon rectal cancer. Enhanced reference guided assembly. Discovering negative correlated gene sets from integrative gene expression data for cancer prognosis. Dialectical analysis of spectral data of patients with hepatocellular jaundice through data mining techniques. Discovering functional gene pathways associated with cancer heterogeneity via sparse supervised learning. Systems Approach to Identifying Relevant Pathways from Phenotype Information in Dose-Dependent Time Series Microarray Data. Development and testing of the inTouch video link for people with dementia: Design approach and practical challenges. Ant colony optimisation of decision trees for the detection of gene-gene interactions. A novel statistical approach to identify co-regulatory gene modules. NSC-NSGA2: Optimal search for finding multiple thresholds for nearest shrunken centroid. Improved Quantification of Labeled LC-MS. Fractal descriptor applied to the classification of HEp-2 cell patterns. Correlating CpG islands, motifs, and sequence variants in human chromosome 21. Clinical multi-label free text classification by exploiting disease label relation. Rules of traditional physical therapies in treating hypertension through text mining. Time- and space-efficient maximal repeat finding using the burrows-wheeler transform and wavelet trees. Accelerating microbiomic big data analysis by spectral interpolation. Integrating phenotype-genotype data for prioritization of candidate symptom genes. iSimp: A sentence simplification system for biomedicail text. BPMN4CP: Design and implementation of a BPMN extension for clinical pathways. Big data analytics for drug discovery. Yin and Yang of reciprocally scale-free biological networks between disease genes and death genes. Exploring Li-Fa-Fang-Yao rules of major depressive disorder in traditional Chinese medicine through text mining. Whole cancer genome analysis using an I/O aware job scheduler on high performance computing resource. Analysis of dialectical thinking about different treatments for the same disease based on decision tree model. Characterizing genetic interactions using a machine learning approach in Colombian patients with Alzheimer's disease. Literature-based Evaluation of Microarray Normalization Procedures. Simplification Methods for Maximum Parsimony: A Relational View. Covariate shift-adaptation using a transductive learning model for handling non-stationarity in EEG based brain-computer interfaces. A user centered approach to developing information visualization module for NEIMiner. A graph-based elastic net for variable selection and module identification for genomic data analysis. A Framework for Personalized Medicine with Reverse Phase Protein Array and Drug Sensitivity. Neural network models for classifying immune cell subsets. Prediction of Protein-RNA interaction site using SVM-KNN algorithm with spatial information. Comparative study about bone proportional measurement on abdomen and Finger-cun measurement. Identifying Transcription Factors and microRNAs as Key Regulators of Pathways Using Bayesian Inference on Known Pathway Structures. Accurate prediction of ATP-binding residues using sequence and sequence-derived structural descriptors. Konnector: Connecting paired-end reads using a bloom filter de Bruijn graph. Prediction of signaling networks by information propagation on protein-protein interaction networks integrated with GO annotations. Internal Evaluation Measures as Proxies for External Indices in Clustering Gene Expression Data. Wavelet based despeckling of multiframe optical coherence tomography data using similarity measure and anisotropic diffusion filtering. IDDI: The Integrated Domain-Domain Interaction Analysis System. Inferring health metrics from ambient smart home data. Robust inference of gene regulatory networks from multiple microarray datasets. The research for digitalization of four great classical literatures of traditional Chinese medicine knowledge for clinic use. Prediction of human protein kinase substrate specificities. Development of clinical pathway for stroke management: An e-Delphi survey. Investigating nanomaterial toxicity bibliography: A network analysis approach. Lattice models with asymmetric propensity matrices for locationally informed protein structure prediction. Predicting drug-target interaction for new drugs using enhanced similarity measures and super-target clustering Detecting good quality frames in videos captured by a wearable camera for blind navigation. The description of nanomaterials: A multi-disiciplinary uniform description system. Semantics-driven frequent data pattern mining on electronic health records for effective adverse drug event monitoring. Discovering breast cancer prognostic biomarkers using a novel feature selection tool. An efficient algorithm for clustering of large-scale mass spectrometry data. Assessment of Cluster Overlaps to Improve Accuracy of Module Detection from PPI Networks. Parallel model of independent component analysis constrained by reference curves for HPLC-DAD and its solution by multi-areas genetic algorithm. The human imprintome vl.O: Over 120 imprinted genes in the human genome impose a major review on previous censuses. A Log-Linear Graphical Model for inferring genetic networks from high-throughput sequencing data. Data and metadata models in electrophysiology domain: Separation of data models into semantic hierarchy and its integration into EEGBase. A dividing-and-matching algorithm to detect conserved protein complexes via local network alignment. Confirming biological significance of co-occurrence clusters of aligned pattern clusters. Represented indicator measurement and corpus distillation on focus species detection. Uniting Data for Memory: Building Informatics against Alzheimer's. Research on the component law of Chinese medicine for gout and the development of new recipes through unsupervised data mining methods. Uncertain interactions affect degree distribution of biological networks. Unsupervised discovery of fuzzy patterns in gene expression data. PhyloFlow: A fully customizable and automatic workflow for phylogenetic reconstruction. Integrating protein networks for identifying cooperative miRNA activity in disease gene signatures. Mining repetitive sequences using a big data ecosystem. Simultaneous Prediction of RNA Secondary Structure and Helix Coaxial Stacking. NovoPair: De novo peptide sequencing for tandem mass spectra pair. Discovering phenotype specific gene module using a novel biclustering algorithm in colorectal cancer. Novel image features for categorizing biomedical images. Detecting functional modules in dynamic protein-protein interaction networks using Markov Clustering and Firefly Algorithm. An ensemble classifier with random projection for predicting multi-label protein subcellular localization. A gene ranking method using text-mining for the identification of disease related genes. Visually Relating Gene Expression and in vivo DNA Binding Data. Predicting viral infection by selecting informative biomarkers from temporal high-dimensional gene expression data. Characterisation of protein-protein interaction network base on ℓ1-norm optimisation. A procedure for identifying master regulators in conjunction with network screening and inference. Sparse gene expression data analysis based on truncated power. MRSMRS: Mining repetitive sequences in a MapReduce setting. Data-Driven Insights into Deletions of Mycobacterium tuberculosis Complex Chromosomal DR Region Using Spoligoforests. Evaluation of the clinical guidelines for the management of angina pectoris with traditional Chinese medicine in multi-level hospitals. An Evolutionary Monte Carlo algorithm for identifying short adjacent repeats in multiple sequences. Module-based biomarker discovery in breast cancer. Identification of protein complexes and functional modules in integrated PPI networks. Investigation on the feasibility of selecting soft tissue elasticity as the objective evaluating indicator of the neck type of cervical spondylosis. Identifying differentially expressed genes for ordinal phenotypes. Ontology Graph Based Query Expansion for Biomedical Information Retrieval. miRNA and gene expression based cancer classification using self-learning and co-training approaches. Network-based pathway enrichment analysis. Predicting human microRNA-disease associations based on support vector machine. Overcoming drug resistance by co-targeting. Outcomes of gene association analysis of cancer microarray data are impacted by pre-processing algorithms. EEG based Intelligent robot chair with communication aid using statistical cross correlation based features. An ensemble approach for drug side effect prediction. Decomposing protein interactome networks by graph entropy. Keyword annotation of biomedicai documents with graph-based similarity methods. Predicting DNA-binding locations and orientation on proteins using knowledge-based learning of geometric properties. A linear classification approach to model the early cellular responses induced by drugs. Efficient and Fast Analysis for Detecting High Order Gene-by-Gene Interactions in a Genome-Wide Association Study. Generating More Knowledge from Our Data and More Value from Our Studies: The Value of Expert Information Science Skills. Hospital pricing estimation by Gaussian conditional random fields based regression on graphs. A novel prognostic model to predict the recovery of ischemie stroke patients. Identifying enterotype in human microbiome by decomposing probabilistic topics into components. An MPI-enabled MapReduce framework for molecular dynamics simulation applications. Elucidation of drivers for cancer initiation and metastasis: A data-mining approach. Approximate Bayesian computation for estimating rate constants in biochemical reaction systems. De novo likelihood-based measures for comparing metagenomic assemblies. The first eNanoMapper prototype: A substance database to support safe-by-design. Systematic drug repositioning: A new paradigm in drug discovery. Towards automatic sensor-based triage for individual remote monitoring during mass casualty incidents. An Artificial Neural Network Based Approach for Identification of Native Protein Structures Using an Extended Forcefield. An integrative computational approach to identify disease-specific networks from PubMed literature information. Computer assisted regularity analysis the law on medication of treating qi deficiency type coronary heart disease by distinguished veteran traditional Chinese medicine doctors. A low power and high accuracy MEMS sensor based activity recognition algorithm. A parameterized algorithm for (1, 2)-exemplar breakpoint distance. Semi-supervised learning protein complexes from protein interaction networks. Rule-based text mining of traditional Chinese medicine patterns with Chinese herbal medicines and formulae on hypertension. Study on the pressure methods of pulse detecting instrument. A systematic review of 192 cases of stiff-person syndrome in China. A Shiatsu pulse sensor calibration method and application to three-part pulse wave collection. A novel disease gene prediction method based on PPI network. Using independent component analysis to obtain feature space for reliable ECG Arrhythmia classification. Efficiency and safety of sponge bathing in combination with different Chinese herbal preparations in patients with hyperthermia. Methodology study of classification algorithm in TCM ZHENG diagnosis. Estimating cancer gene pathway proximity using network interaction. Global Network Alignment Based on Multiple Hub Seeds. Revisiting topological properties of protein-protein interaction networks from the perspective of dataset evolution. Applied semantic technologies in ECG interpretation and cardiovascular diagnosis. MultiFacTV: Finding modules from higher-order gene expression profiles with time dimension. Effects of climate factors on bacillary dysentery epidemic in Harbin City, China. Parallel simulation of apoptotic receptor-clustering on GPGPU many-core architectures. A hybrid approach to recognising discourse causality in the biomedical domain. SoyMetDB: The soybean metabolome database. Discovering treatment pattern in traditional Chinese medicine clinical cases using topic model and domain knowledge. MetaPhyler: Taxonomic profiling for metagenomic sequences. Correlating adverse drug reactions with biological pathways in humans. Genetic testing knowledge base (GTKB) towards individualized genetic test recommendation - An experimental study. Phylogenomic Analysis of the Phenylalanine Ammonia Lyase Gene Family in Loblolly Pine (Pinus Taeda L.). LSL: A new measure to evaluate triclusters. Computational modeling of phagocyte transmigration during biomaterial-mediated foreign body responses. Detecting core protein complexes based on link patterns. Algorithmic complexity of motifs clusters superfamilies of networks. ACOsched: A scheduling algorithm in a federated cloud infrastructure for bioinformatics applications. ENISI Visual, an agent-based simulator for modeling gut immunity. Identifying Protein Complexes from PPI Networks Using GO Semantic Similarity. IPEDX: An exact algorithm for pedigree reconstruction using genotype data. Unveiling the dynamics in RNA epigenetic regulations. (2) Protein structure determination on demand. 
Ballast: A Ball-Based Algorithm for Structural Motifs. Imputation of Quantitative Genetic Interactions in Epistatic MAPs by Interaction Propagation Matrix Completion. Geometric Interpretation of Gene Expression by Sparse Reconstruction of Transcript Profiles. Algorithms for Detecting Significantly Mutated Pathways in Cancer. UniNovo: A Universal Tool for de Novo Peptide Sequencing. An Algorithmic Framework for Predicting Side-Effects of Drugs. A Novel Probabilistic Methodology for eQTL Analysis of Signaling Networks. Subnetwork State Functions Define Dysregulated Subnetworks in Cancer. Modeling Mutual Exclusivity of Cancer Mutations. Metabolic Network Analysis Demystified. Towards Automated Structure-Based NMR Resonance Assignment. Disease Gene Prioritization Based on Topological Similarity in Protein-Protein Interaction Networks. Inferring Intra-tumor Heterogeneity from High-Throughput DNA Sequencing Data. Optimization of Combinatorial Mutagenesis. An Unbiased Adaptive Sampling Algorithm for the Exploration of RNA Mutational Landscapes under Evolutionary Pressure. A Geometric Arrangement Algorithm for Structure Determination of Symmetric Protein Homo-oligomers from NOEs and RDCs. naiveBayesCall: An Efficient Model-Based Base-Calling Algorithm for High-Throughput Sequencing. TrueSight: Self-training Algorithm for Splice Junction Detection Using RNA-seq. Cactus Graphs for Genome Comparisons. Design of Protein-Protein Interactions with a Novel Ensemble-Based Scoring Algorithm. Discovering Regulatory Overlapping RNA Transcripts. Gapped Spectral Dictionaries and Their Applications for Database Searches of Tandem Mass Spectra. Variable Selection through Correlation Sifting. Comets (Constrained Optimization of Multistate Energies by Tree Search): A Provable and Efficient Algorithm to Optimize Binding Affinity and Specificity with Respect to Sequence. An Accurate Method for Inferring Relatedness in Large Datasets of Unphased Genotypes via an Embedded Likelihood-Ratio Test. HapTree: A Novel Bayesian Framework for Single Individual Polyplotyping Using NGS Data. CRISPR Detection from Short Reads Using Partial Overlap Graphs. eALPS: Estimating Abundance Levels in Pooled Sequencing Using Available Genotyping Data. Gap Filling as Exact Path Length Problem. Hierarchical Generative Biclustering for MicroRNA Expression Analysis. Conservative Extensions of Linkage Disequilibrium Measures from Pairwise to Multi-loci and Algorithms for Optimal Tagging SNP Selection. CNVeM: Copy Number Variation Detection Using Uncertainty of Read Mapping. Estimating the Accuracy of Multiple Alignments and its Use in Parameter Advising. Seed Design Framework for Mapping SOLiD Reads. SubMAP: Aligning Metabolic Pathways with Subnetwork Mappings. Dense Subgraphs with Restrictions and Applications to Gene Annotation Graphs. A Quantitative Model of Glucose Signaling in Yeast Reveals an Incoherent Feed Forward Loop Leading to a Specific, Transient Pulse of Transcription. The Poisson Margin Test for Normalisation Free Significance Analysis of NGS Data. CIDANE: Comprehensive Isoform Discovery and Abundance Estimation. HapTree-X: An Integrative Bayesian Framework for Haplotype Reconstruction from Transcriptome and Genome Sequencing Data. A Novel Abundance-Based Algorithm for Binning Metagenomic Sequences Using  Deconvolution of Ensemble Chromatin Interaction Data Reveals the Latent Mixing Structures in Cell Subpopulations. Time and Space Efficient RNA-RNA Interaction Prediction via Sparse Folding. Joint Inference of Genome Structure and Content in Heterogeneous Tumor Samples. IDBA-MTP: A Hybrid MetaTranscriptomic Assembler Based on Protein Information. Analysis of Metabolic Evolution in Bacteria Using Whole-Genome Metabolic Models. Incremental Signaling Pathway Modeling by Data Integration. Deep Feature Selection: Theory and Application to Identify Enhancers and Promoters. ScaffMatch: Scaffolding Algorithm Based on Maximum Weight Matching. Assembling Genomes and Mini-metagenomes from Highly Chimeric Reads. The Generating Function Approach for Peptide Identification in Spectral Networks. Generalized Buneman Pruning for Inferring the Most Parsimonious Multi-state Phylogeny. A Fast and Exact Algorithm for the Exemplar Breakpoint Distance. Ultra-Large Alignments Using Ensembles of Hidden Markov Models. An Alignment-Free Regression Approach for Estimating Allele-Specific Expression Using RNA-Seq Data. Genome-Wide Survival Analysis of Somatic Mutations in Cancer. A Self-regulatory System of Interlinked Signaling Feedback Loops Controls Mouse Limb Patterning. Simultaneous Identification of Causal Genes and Dys-Regulated Pathways in Complex Diseases. dipSPAdes: Assembler for Highly Polymorphic Diploid Genomes. Quantifying the Dynamics of Coupled Networks of Switches and Oscillators. Identifying Branched Metabolic Pathways by Merging Linear Metabolic Pathways. Efficient Traversal of Beta-Sheet Protein Folding Pathways Using Ensemble Models. Opera: Reconstructing Optimal Genomic Scaffolds with High-Throughput Paired-End Sequences. Haplotype Allele Frequency (HAF) Score: Predicting Carriers of Ongoing Selective Sweeps Without Knowledge of the Adaptive Allele. Evolution of Genome Organization by Duplication and Loss: An Alignment Approach. Fragmentation Trees Reloaded. WhatsHap: Haplotype Assembly for Future-Generation Sequencing Reads. An Algorithm for Constructing Parsimonious Hybridization Networks with Multiple Phylogenetic Trees. A Model for Biased Fractionation after Whole Genome Duplication. Optimally Orienting Physical Networks. A Bayesian Approach for Determining Protein Side-Chain Rotamer Conformations Using Unassigned NOE Data. Fast and Accurate Calculation of Protein Depth by Euclidean Distance Transform. Predicting Nucleosome Positioning Using Multiple Evidence Tracks. MethylCRF, an Algorithm for Estimating Absolute Methylation Levels at Single CpG Resolution from Methylation Enrichment and Restriction Enzyme Sequencing Methods. Protein Loop Closure Using Orientational Restraints from NMR Data. Function-Function Correlated Multi-Label Protein Function Prediction over Interaction Networks. PSAR: Measuring Multiple Sequence Alignment Reliability by Probabilistic Sampling - (Extended Abstract). Constrained De Novo Sequencing of Peptides with Application to Conotoxins. Hap-seq: An Optimal Algorithm for Haplotype Phasing with Imputation Using Sequencing Data. Metric Labeling and Semi-metric Embedding for Protein Annotation Prediction. Automated High-Dimensional Flow Cytometric Data Analysis. Differential Oestrogen Receptor Binding is Associated with Clinical Outcome in Breast Cancer. Modeling the Breakage-Fusion-Bridge Mechanism: Combinatorics and Cancer Genomics. Haplotype Reconstruction in Large Pedigrees with Many Untyped Individuals. Tractatus: An Exact and Subquadratic Algorithm for Inferring Identical-by-Descent Multi-shared Haplotype Tracts. Gene-Gene Interactions Detection Using a Two-Stage Model. Constructing Structure Ensembles of Intrinsically Disordered Proteins from Chemical Shift Data. Protein Structure by Semidefinite Facial Reduction. Detecting Protein Conformational Changes in Interactions via Scaling Known Structures. Diffusion Component Analysis: Unraveling Functional Topology in Biological Networks. A New Algorithm for Improving the Resolution of Cryo-EM Density Maps. Learning Protein-DNA Interaction Landscapes by Integrating Experimental Data through Computational Models. Efficient Alignment Free Sequence Comparison with Bounded Mismatches. CSAX: Characterizing Systematic Anomalies in eXpression Data. Efficiently Identifying Significant Associations in Genome-Wide Association Studies. Protein Contact Prediction by Integrating Joint Evolutionary Coupling Analysis and Supervised Learning. Functional Alignment of Metabolic Networks. Inference of Isoforms from Short Sequence Reads. Reconciliation Revisited: Handling Multiple Optima When Reconciling with Duplication, Transfer, and Loss. On Sufficient Statistics of Least-Squares Superposition of Vector Sets. Reconstructing Boolean Models of Signaling. Causal Reasoning on Biological Networks: Interpreting Transcriptional Changes - (Extended Abstract). Exploration of Designability of Proteins Using Graph Features of Contact Maps: Beyond Lattice Models. NP-MuScL: Unsupervised Global Prediction of Interaction Networks from Multiple Data Sources. Leveraging Sequence Classification by Taxonomy-Based Multitask Learning. Extracting Structural Information from Residual Chemical Shift Anisotropy: Analytic Solutions for Peptide Plane Orientations and Applications to Determine Protein Structure. Weighted Genomic Distance Can Hardly Impose a Bound on the Proportion of Transpositions. Discovery of Complex Genomic Rearrangements in Cancer Using High-Throughput Sequencing. RESQUE: Network Reduction Using Semi-Markov Random Walk Scores for Efficient Querying of Biological Networks (Extended Abstract). Immunoglobulin Classification Using the Colored Antibody Graph. An Integrated Model of Multiple-Condition ChIP-Seq Data Reveals Predeterminants of Cdx2 Binding. IPED: Inheritance Path Based Pedigree Reconstruction Algorithm Using Genotype Data. Reconstructing Breakage Fusion Bridge Architectures Using Noisy Copy Numbers. HLA Type Inference via Haplotypes Identical by Descent. A Probabilistic Model for Sequence Alignment with Context-Sensitive Indels. Increased Methylation Variation in Epigenetic Domains across Cancer Types. Fast Flux Module Detection Using Matroid Theory. Exact Pattern Matching for RNA Structure Ensembles. Paired de Bruijn Graphs: A Novel Approach for Incorporating Mate Pair Information into Genome Assemblers. Dissecting Cancer Heterogeneity with a Probabilistic Genotype-Phenotype Model. Simultaneous Structural Variation Discovery in Multiple Paired-End Sequenced Genomes. Experiment Specific Expression Patterns. Structure-Guided Deimmunization of Therapeutic Proteins. Computational Protein Design Using AND/OR Branch-and-Bound Search. An Efficient Nonlinear Regression Approach for Genome-Wide Detection of Marginal and Interacting Genetic Variations. Pathset Graphs: A Novel Approach for Comprehensive Utilization of Paired Reads in Genome Assembly. Alignment-Free Sequence Comparison Based on Next Generation Sequencing Reads: Extended Abstract. lobSTR: A Short Tandem Repeat Profiler for Personal Genomes. Detecting SNP-Induced Structural Changes in RNA: Application to Disease Studies. Charge Group Partitioning in Biomolecular Simulation. On the Sample Complexity of Cancer Pathways Identification. Correlated Protein Function Prediction via Maximization of Data-Knowledge Consistency. Counting Motifs in the Entire Biological Network from Noisy and Incomplete Data - (Extended Abstract). Proteome Coverage Prediction for Integrated Proteomics Datasets. Bacterial Community Reconstruction Using Compressed Sensing. Pedigree Reconstruction Using Identity by Descent. Understanding Gene Sequence Variation in the Context of Transcription Regulation in Yeast. On the Genealogy of Asexual Diploids. Distinguishing between Genomic Regions Bound by Paralogous Transcription Factors. MRFalign: Protein Homology Detection through Alignment of Markov Random Fields. Bayesian Multiple Protein Structure Alignment. IDBA - A Practical Iterative de Bruijn Graph De Novo Assembler. Considering Unknown Unknowns - Reconstruction of Non-confoundable Causal Relations in Biological Networks. A Ribosome Flow Model for Analyzing Translation Elongation - (Extended Abstract). A Spatial-Aware Haplotype Copying Model with Applications to Genotype Imputation. DockStar: A Novel ILP Based Integrative Method for Structural Modelling of Multimolecular Protein Complexes (Extended Abstract). Simultaneous Inference of Cancer Pathways and Tumor Progression from Cross-Sectional Mutation Data. Discovery and Characterization of Chromatin States for Systematic Annotation of the Human Genome. SEME: A Fast Mapper of Illumina Sequencing Reads with Statistical Evaluation. SPARSE: Quadratic Time Simultaneous Alignment and Folding of RNAs without Sequence-Based Heuristics. An Exact Algorithm to Compute the DCJ Distance for Genomes with Duplicate Genes. T-IDBA: A de novo Iterative de Bruijn Graph Assembler for Transcriptome - (Extended Abstract). KGSrna: Efficient 3D Kinematics-Based Sampling for Nucleic Acids. Learning Sequence Determinants of Protein: Protein Interaction Specificity with Sparse Graphical Models. Decoding Coalescent Hidden Markov Models in Linear Time. Locating a Tree in a Phylogenetic Network in Quadratic Time. Distinguishing Direct versus Indirect Transcription Factor-DNA Interactions. Learning Cellular Sorting Pathways Using Protein Interactions and Sequence Motifs. Predicting Protein-Protein Interactions from Multimodal Biological Data Sources via Nonnegative Matrix Tri-Factorization. AREM: Aligning Short Reads from ChIP-Sequencing by Expectation Maximization. Compressing Genomic Sequence Fragments Using SlimGene. Viral Quasispecies Assembly via Maximal Clique Enumeration. Abstract: Using the Fast Fourier Transform to Accelerate the Computational Search for RNA Conformational Switches. PASTA: Ultra-Large Multiple Sequence Alignment. Accurate Estimation of Expression Levels of Homologous Genes in RNA-seq Experiments. BWM*: A Novel, Provable, Ensemble-Based Dynamic Programming Algorithm for Sparse Approximations of Computational Protein Design. Read Clouds Uncover Variation in Complex Regions of the Human Genome. Genomic DNA  Alignment-Free Phylogenetic Reconstruction. Learning Microbial Interaction Networks from Metagenomic Count Data. Nonparametric Combinatorial Sequence Models. Rich Parameterization Improves RNA Structure Prediction. IsoLasso: A LASSO Regression Approach to RNA-Seq Based Transcriptome Assembly - (Extended Abstract). Simultaneously Learning DNA Motif along with Its Position and Sequence Rank Preferences through EM Algorithm. Blocked Pattern Matching Problem and Its Applications in Proteomics. High Resolution Modeling of Chromatin Interactions. Evidence for Widespread Association of Mammalian Splicing and Conserved Long-Range RNA Structures. Synthetic Sequence Design for Signal Location Search. Building a Pangenome Reference for a Population. Finding Maximum Colorful Subtrees in Practice. Admixture Aberration Analysis: Application to Mapping in Admixed Population Using Pooled DNA. A Markov Random Field Framework for Protein Side-Chain Resonance Assignment. Computing Fragmentation Trees from Metabolite Multiple Mass Spectrometry Data. AptaCluster - A Method to Cluster HT-SELEX Aptamer Pools and Lessons from Its Application. An Optimal Algorithm for Building the Majority Rule Consensus Tree. A Robust Method for Transcript Quantification with RNA-seq Data. Multiplex De Novo Sequencing of Peptide Antibiotics. Simultaneous Reconstruction of Multiple Signaling Pathways via the Prize-Collecting Steiner Forest Problem. Learning Natural Selection from the Site Frequency Spectrum. Exact Learning of RNA Energy Parameters from Structure. A Linear Inside-Outside Algorithm for Correcting Sequencing Errors in Structured RNAs. MoGUL: Detecting Common Insertions and Deletions in a Population. Increasing Power of Groupwise Association Test with Likelihood Ratio Test. Ancestry Inference in Complex Admixtures via Variable-Length Markov Chain Linkage Models. Seeing More Is Knowing More: V3D Enables Real-Time 3D Visualization and Quantitative Analysis of Large-Scale Biological Image Data Sets. Topological Signatures for Population Admixture. Network-Based Prediction and Analysis of HIV Dependency Factors. Identification of Ultramodified Proteins Using Top-Down Spectra. CoMEt: A Statistical Approach to Identify Combinations of Mutually Exclusive Alterations in Cancer. On the Representation of de Bruijn Graphs. A Three-Dimensional Model of the Yeast Genome. Inferring Mechanisms of Compensation from E-MAP and SGA Data Using Local Search Algorithms for Max Cut. Extracting Between-Pathway Models from E-MAP Interactions Using Expected Graph Compression. Traversing the k-mer Landscape of NGS Read Datasets for Quality Score Sparsification. Fractal and Transgenerational Genetic Effects on Phenotypic Variation and Disease Risk. The Three-Dimensional Architecture of a Bacterial Genome and Its Alteration by Genetic Perturbation. A Symmetric Length-Aware Enrichment Test. The Clark Phase-able Sample Size Problem: Long-Range Phasing and Loss of Heterozygosity in GWAS. Hapsembler: An Assembler for Highly Polymorphic Genomes. Reconciliation with Non-binary Gene Trees Revisited. Changepoint Analysis for Efficient Variant Calling. Discovering Transcriptional Modules by Combined Analysis of Expression Profiles and Regulatory Sequences. Structure-Based Whole Genome Realignment Reveals Many Novel Non-coding RNAs. Inference of Tumor Phylogenies with Improved Somatic Mutation Discovery. An Optimization-Based Sampling Scheme for Phylogenetic Trees. LoopWeaver - Loop Modeling by the Weighted Scaling of Verified Proteins. A Geometric Clustering Algorithm and Its Applications to Structural Data. Inference of Spatial Organizations of Chromosomes Using Semi-definite Embedding Approach and Hi-C Data. Rapidly Registering Identity-by-Descent Across Ancestral Recombination Graphs. Efficient and Accurate Multiple-Phenotypes Regression Method for High Dimensional Data Considering Population Structure. HIT'nDRIVE: Multi-driver Gene Prioritization Based on Hitting Time. Spectral Library Generating Function for Assessing Spectrum-Spectrum Match Significance. Probabilistic Inference of Viral Quasispecies Subject to Recombination. Recovering the Tree-Like Trend of Evolution Despite Extensive Lateral Genetic Transfer: A Probabilistic Analysis. Deciphering the Swine-Flu Pandemics of 1918 and 2009. Genovo:  Algorithms for MDC-Based Multi-locus Phylogeny Inference. Pathway-Based Functional Analysis of Metagenomes. Deciding When to Stop: Efficient Experimentation to Learn to Predict Drug-Target Interactions (Extended Abstract). Boosting Prediction Performance of Protein-Protein Interaction Hot Spots by Using Structural Neighborhood Properties - (Extended Abstract). 
Automatic Search for Related-Key Differential Characteristics in Byte-Oriented Block Ciphers: Application to AES, Camellia, Khazad and Others. Bonsai Trees, or How to Delegate a Lattice Basis. Computational Soundness, Co-induction, and Encryption Cycles. Improving the Complexity of Index Calculus Algorithms in Elliptic Curves over Binary Fields. Masking against Side-Channel Attacks: A Formal Security Proof. Malleable Proof Systems and Applications. Garbled RAM Revisited. New Generic Algorithms for Hard Knapsacks. Pushing the Limits: A Very Compact and a Threshold Implementation of AES. New Links between Differential and Linear Cryptanalysis. Fully Key-Homomorphic Encryption, Arithmetic Circuit ABE and Compact Garbled Circuits. Pseudorandom Functions and Lattices. Perfectly Secure Multiparty Computation and the Computational Overhead of Cryptography. MiniLEGO: Efficient Secure Two-Party Computation from General Assumptions. Security Evaluations beyond Computing Power. Replacing a Random Oracle: Full Domain Hash from Indistinguishability Obfuscation. Lattice Reduction Algorithms: Theory and Practice. Parallelizable Rate-1 Authenticated Encryption from Pseudorandom Functions. Implementing Gentry's Fully-Homomorphic Encryption Scheme. Decoding Random Binary Linear Codes in 2 n/20: How 1 + 1 = 0 Improves Information Set Decoding. Public Key Compression and Modulus Switching for Fully Homomorphic Encryption over the Integers. Security of Symmetric Encryption in the Presence of Ciphertext Fragmentation. Streaming Authenticated Data Structures. Secure Obfuscation for Encrypted Signatures. Limitations of the Meta-reduction Technique: The Case of Schnorr Signatures. Efficient Authentication from Hard Learning Problems. Tightly-Secure Signatures from Lossy Identification Schemes. Fully Homomorphic Encryption over the Integers. On the Complexity of UC Commitments. Multi-property-preserving Domain Extension Using Polynomial-Based Modes of Operation. Identity-Based Encryption Resilient to Continual Auxiliary Leakage. Unbounded HIBE and Attribute-Based Encryption. How to Watermark Cryptographic Functions. Circular Chosen-Ciphertext Security with Compact Ciphertexts. Careful with Composition: Limitations of the Indifferentiability Framework. Efficient Round Optimal Blind Signatures. Keccak. Tools for Simulating Features of Composite Order Bilinear Groups in the Prime Order Setting. Dynamic Proofs of Retrievability via Oblivious RAM. Unconditionally-Secure Robust Secret Sharing with Compact Shares. Generic Universal Forgery Attack on Iterative Hash-Based MACs. The Arithmetic Codex: Theory and Applications. Incremental Deterministic Public-Key Encryption. All-But-Many Lossy Trapdoor Functions. Fast Cryptography in Genus 2. Public-Key Encryption in the Bounded-Retrieval Model. Salvaging Indifferentiability in a Multi-stage Setting. Multi-input Functional Encryption. Secure Message Transmission with Small Public Discussion. Lattice Signatures without Trapdoors. Adaptive Pseudo-free Groups and Applications. Key Derivation without Entropy Waste. Universally Composable Secure Computation with (Malicious) Physically Uncloneable Functions. Faster Explicit Formulas for Computing Pairings over Ordinary Curves. Bounded Key-Dependent Message Security. Key-Versatile Signatures and Applications: RKA, KDM and Joint Enc/Sig. Tight Proofs for Signature Schemes without Random Oracles. Reconsidering Generic Composition. Stam's Collision Resistance Conjecture. Multiparty Computation with Low Communication, Computation and Interaction via Threshold FHE. Making NTRU as Secure as Worst-Case Problems over Ideal Lattices. Practical Signatures from Standard Assumptions. Secure Authentication from a Weak Key, without Leaking Information. Revocable Quantum Timed-Release Encryption. The Locality of Searchable Symmetric Encryption. Secret Keys from Channel Noise. Message Authentication, Revisited. Faster Compact Diffie-Hellman: Endomorphisms on the x-line. A Toolkit for Ring-LWE Cryptography. Constant-Round Non-malleable Commitments from Sub-exponential One-Way Functions. Adaptive Trapdoor Functions and Chosen-Ciphertext Security. Fully Leakage-Resilient Signatures. How to Garble RAM Programs Leakage-Resilient Cryptography from Minimal Assumptions. Tight Security Bounds for Key-Alternating Ciphers. Key-Dependent Message Security: Generic Amplification and Completeness. How to Certify the Leakage of a Chip? Distributed Point Functions and Their Applications. On Concurrently Secure Computation in the Multiple Ideal Query Model. Towards a Game Theoretic View of Secure Computation. Homomorphic Signatures for Polynomial Functions. Déjà Q: Using Dual Systems to Revisit q-Type Assumptions. Amplification of Chosen-Ciphertext Security. Partial Fairness in Secure Two-Party Computation. Scalable Group Signatures with Revocation. Adaptively Secure Broadcast. Efficient Non-interactive Secure Computation. Quantum Proofs of Knowledge. Graph-Theoretic Algorithms for the "Isomorphism of Polynomials" Problem. Zero-Knowledge Argument for Polynomial Evaluation with Application to Blacklists. A Formal Study of Power Variability Issues and Side-Channel Attacks for Nanoscale Devices. Quantum-Secure Message Authentication Codes. Adaptively Attribute-Hiding (Hierarchical) Inner Product Encryption. Identity-Based (Lossy) Trapdoor Functions and Applications. New Collision Attacks on SHA-1 Based on Optimal Joint Local-Collision Analysis. Improved Generic Algorithms for Hard Knapsacks. Semi-homomorphic Encryption and Multiparty Computation. Highly-Efficient Universally-Composable Commitments Based on the DDH Assumption. Optimal Security Proofs for Full Domain Hash, Revisited. Universally Composable Quantum Multi-party Computation. GGHLite: More Efficient Multilinear Maps from Ideal Lattices. Why Proving HIBE Systems Secure Is Difficult. Efficient Zero-Knowledge Argument for Correctness of a Shuffle. Constructing Verifiable Random Functions with Large Input Spaces. Group to Group Commitments Do Not Shrink. Cryptanalyses on a Merkle-Damgård Based MAC - Almost Universal Forgery and Distinguishing-H Attacks. Detecting Dangerous Queries: A New Approach for Chosen Ciphertext Security. One-Sided Device-Independent QKD and Position-Based Cryptography from Monogamy Games. On the Impossibility of Three-Move Blind Signature Schemes. On Round-Optimal Zero Knowledge in the Bare Public-Key Model. Commuting Signatures and Verifiable Encryption. A Heuristic Quasi-Polynomial Algorithm for Discrete Logarithm in Finite Fields of Small Characteristic. Fully Homomorphic Encryption with Polylog Overhead. Almost Optimum  Concurrently Secure Computation in Constant Rounds. Statistical Attack on RC4 - Distinguishing WPA. Cryptanalysis of Full RIPEMD-128. Key-Alternating Ciphers in a Provable Setting: Encryption Using a Small Number of Public Permutations - (Extended Abstract). Lossy Codes and a New Variant of the Learning-With-Errors Problem. Deniable Encryption with Negligible Detection Probability: An Interactive Construction. Dual System Encryption via Doubly Selective Security: Framework, Fully Secure Functional Encryption for Regular Languages, and More. Non-Interactive Secure Computation Based on Cut-and-Choose. Improved Key Recovery Attacks on Reduced-Round AES in the Single-Key Setting. Threshold and Revocation Cryptosystems via Extractable Hash Proofs. A Full Characterization of Completeness for Two-Party Randomized Function Evaluation. Resource-Restricted Indifferentiability. Minimalism in Cryptography: The Even-Mansour Scheme Revisited. Practical Homomorphic MACs for Arithmetic Circuits. Another Look at Provable Security. Faster Algorithms for Approximate Common Divisors: Breaking Fully-Homomorphic-Encryption Challenges over the Integers. Cover and Decomposition Index Calculus on Elliptic Curves Made Practical - Application to a Previously Unreachable Curve over $\mathbb{F}_{p^6}$. Higher Order Masking of Look-Up Tables. Property Preserving Symmetric Encryption. Improving Local Collisions: New Attacks on Reduced SHA-256. Protecting Circuits from Leakage: the Computationally-Bounded and Noisy Cases. Efficient Circuit-Size Independent Public Key Encryption with KDM Security. Multi-party Computation of Polynomials and Branching Programs without Simultaneous Interaction. Efficient Device-Independent Quantum Key Distribution. Converting Pairing-Based Cryptosystems from Composite-Order Groups to Prime-Order Groups. Symmetrized Summation Polynomials: Using Small Order Torsion Points to Speed Up Elliptic Curve Index Calculus. A Bound for Multiparty Secret Key Agreement and Implications for a Problem of Secure Computing. Efficient and Optimally Secure Key-Length Extension for Block Ciphers via Randomized Cascading. Protecting Obfuscation against Algebraic Attacks. A Tutorial on High Performance Computing Applied to Cryptanalysis - (Invited Talk Abstract). Regularity of Lossy RSA on Subdomains and Its Applications. On Ideal Lattices and Learning with Errors over Rings. Universally Composable Symbolic Analysis for Two-Party Protocols Based on Homomorphic Encryption. Deterministic Public-Key Encryption for Adaptively Chosen Plaintext Distributions. Dual Projective Hashing and Its Applications - Lossy Trapdoor Functions and More. Efficient Lattice (H)IBE in the Standard Model. Standard Security Does Not Imply Security against Selective-Opening. Two-Output Secure Computation with Malicious Adversaries. Message-Locked Encryption and Secure Deduplication. Non-malleability from Malleability: Simulation-Sound Quasi-Adaptive NIZK Proofs and CCA2-Secure Encryption from Homomorphic Signatures. Decentralizing Attribute-Based Encryption. Polynomial Time Attack on Wild McEliece over Quadratic Extensions. Concurrent Composition in the Bounded Quantum Storage Model. Cryptographic Agility and Its Relation to Circular Encryption. Batch Fully Homomorphic Encryption over the Integers. Links between Truncated Differential and Multidimensional Linear Properties of Block Ciphers and Underlying Attack Complexities. Efficient Non-malleable Codes and Key-Derivation for Poly-size Tampering Circuits. Towards Key-Length Extension with Optimal Security: Cascade Encryption and Xor-cascade Encryption. Narrow-Bicliques: Cryptanalysis of Full IDEA. Domain Extension for MACs Beyond the Birthday Barrier. Lattice Enumeration Using Extreme Pruning. Plaintext-Dependent Decryption: A Formal Security Treatment of SSH-CTR. Sometimes-Recurse Shuffle - Almost-Random Permutations in Logarithmic Expected Time. Trapdoors for Lattices: Simpler, Tighter, Faster, Smaller. Unifying Leakage Models: From Probing Attacks to Noisy Leakage. Key Recovery Attacks of Practical Complexity on AES-256 Variants with up to 10 Rounds. Faster Index Calculus for the Medium Prime Case Application to 1175-bit and 1425-bit Finite Fields. Ideal-Cipher (Ir)reducibility for Blockcipher-Based Hash Functions. Locally Computable UOWHF with Linear Shrinkage. Algebraic Cryptanalysis of McEliece Variants with Compact Keys. Efficient Cryptosystems from 2 Encryption Schemes Secure against Chosen-Ciphertext Selective Opening Attacks. Honey Encryption: Security Beyond the Brute-Force Bound. Candidate Multilinear Maps from Ideal Lattices. A Simple BGN-Type Cryptosystem from LWE. On the Exact Security of Schnorr-Type Signatures in the Random Oracle Model. Identity-Based Encryption Secure against Selective Opening Chosen-Ciphertext Attack. Statistical Tools Flavor Side-Channel Collision Attacks. Fair Computation with Rational Players. Fully Secure Functional Encryption: Attribute-Based Encryption and (Hierarchical) Inner Product Encryption. Robust Coin Flipping. Universal One-Way Hash Functions via Inaccessible Entropy. Quadratic Span Programs and Succinct NIZKs without PCPs. How to Hide Circuits in MPC an Efficient Framework for Private Function Evaluation. Cryptography between Wonderland and Underland. On Linear Hulls, Statistical Saturation Attacks, PRESENT and a Cryptanalysis of PUFFIN. 
Equivalence of Uniform Key Agreement and Composition Insecurity. Near-Linear Unconditionally-Secure Multiparty Computation with a Dishonest Minority. On the Distribution of Linear Biases: Three Instructive Examples. Efficient Chosen-Ciphertext Security via Extractable Hash Proofs. Pseudorandom Knapsacks and the Sample Complexity of LWE Search-to-Decision Reductions. Factorization of a 768-Bit RSA Modulus. Position-Based Quantum Cryptography: Impossibility and Constructions. A Practical-Time Related-Key Attack on the KASUMI Cryptosystem Used in GSM and 3G Telephony. Bi-Deniable Public-Key Encryption. Round Optimal Blind Signatures. Smaller Decoding Exponents: Ball-Collision Decoding. Secure Multiparty Computation with Minimal Interaction. Password-Authenticated Session-Key Generation on the Internet in the Plain Model. Stam's Conjecture and Threshold Phenomena in Collision Resistance. Correcting Errors in RSA Private Keys. Cryptography with Tamperable and Leaky Memory. The Curious Case of Non-Interactive Commitments - On the Power of Black-Box vs. Non-Black-Box Use of Primitives. Tamper and Leakage Resilience in the Split-State Model. Universally Composable Incoercibility. Secure Computation on the Web: Computing without Simultaneous Interaction. Instantiability of RSA-OAEP under Chosen-Plaintext Attack. Classical Cryptographic Protocols in a Quantum World. Physically Uncloneable Functions in the Universal Composition Framework. Black-Box Constructions of Composable Protocols without Set-Up. Functional Encryption for Regular Languages. Pseudorandom Functions and Permutations Provably Secure against Related-Key Attacks. Quantum to Classical Randomness Extractors. The IPS Compiler: Optimizations, Variants and Concrete Efficiency. Secure Two-Party Quantum Evaluation of Unitaries against Specious Adversaries. Efficient Indifferentiable Hashing into Ordinary Elliptic Curves. Fully Homomorphic Encryption over the Integers with Shorter Public Keys. New Preimage Attacks against Reduced SHA-1. Better Security for Deterministic Public-Key Encryption: The Auxiliary-Input Setting. Semantic Security for the Wiretap Channel. Secure Identity-Based Encryption in the Quantum Random Oracle Model. New Proof Methods for Attribute-Based Encryption: Achieving Full Security through Selective Techniques. Succinct Arguments from Multi-prover Interactive Proofs and Their Efficiency Benefits. Must You Know the Code of f to Securely Compute f? Actively Secure Two-Party Evaluation of Any Quantum Operation. Additively Homomorphic Encryption with  Hash Functions Based on Three Permutations: A Generic Security Analysis. Interactive Locking, Zero-Knowledge PCPs, and Unconditional Cryptography. 1/ How to Improve Rebound Attacks. Authenticated and Misuse-Resistant Encryption of Key-Dependent Data. Public-Key Identification Schemes Based on Multivariate Quadratic Polynomials. On the Security of TLS-DHE in the Standard Model. Tightly Secure Signatures and Public-Key Encryption. Concurrent Non-Malleable Zero Knowledge Proofs. Securing Circuits against Constant-Rate Tampering. A Cryptanalysis of PRINTcipher: The Invariant Subspace Attack. Functional Encryption with Bounded Collusions via Multi-party Computation. Non-interactive Verifiable Computing: Outsourcing Computation to Untrusted Workers. Leftover Hash Lemma, Revisited. Protecting Cryptographic Keys against Continual Leakage. On the Impossibility of Constructing Efficient Key Encapsulation and Programmable Hash Functions in Prime Order Groups. The PHOTON Family of Lightweight Hash Functions. Secret Sharing Schemes for Very Dense Graphs. Hardness of Computing Individual Bits for One-Way Functions on Elliptic Curves. The Collision Security of Tandem-DM in the Ideal Cipher Model. Automatic Search of Attacks on Round-Reduced AES and Applications. The Torsion-Limit for Algebraic Function Fields and Its Application to Arithmetic Secret Sharing. A New Variant of PMAC: Beyond the Birthday Bound. Group Signatures with Almost-for-Free Revocation. Multiparty Computation from Somewhat Homomorphic Encryption. Random Oracle Reducibility. Efficient Padding Oracle Attacks on Cryptographic Hardware. Universal Composability from Essentially Any Trusted Setup. Tor and Circumvention: Lessons Learned - (Abstract to Go with Invited Talk). Sampling in a Quantum Population, and Applications. Verifiable Delegation of Computation over Large Datasets. Computer-Aided Security Proofs for the Working Cryptographer. Protocols for Multiparty Coin Toss with Dishonest Majority. Homomorphic Evaluation of the AES Circuit. Optimal Verification of Operations on Dynamic Sets. Fully Secure Functional Encryption with General Relations from the Decisional Linear Assumption. Crowd-Blending Privacy. Credential Authenticated Identification and Key Exchange. An Enciphering Scheme Based on a Card Shuffle. Impossibility Results for Static Input Secure Computation. On Strong Simulation and Composable Point Obfuscation. Tweakable Blockciphers with Beyond Birthday-Bound Security. Generic Side-Channel Distinguishers: Improvements and Limitations. Improved Delegation of Computation Using Fully Homomorphic Encryption. To Hash or Not to Hash Again? (In)Differentiability Results for H 2 and HMAC. Multi-instance Security and Its Application to Password-Based Cryptography. Toward Basing Fully Homomorphic Encryption on Worst-Case Hardness. Public Keys. Constant-Rate Oblivious Transfer from Noisy Channels. Recent Advances and Existing Research Questions in Platform Security. Order-Preserving Encryption Revisited: Improved Security Analysis and Alternative Solutions. McEliece and Niederreiter Cryptosystems That Resist Quantum Fourier Sampling Attacks. Breaking and Repairing GCM Security Proofs. Analyzing Blockwise Lattice Algorithms Using Dynamical Systems. Memory Delegation. A Zero-One Law for Cryptographic Complexity with Respect to Computational UC Security. How to Compute under ${\cal{AC}}^{\sf0}$ Leakage without Secure Hardware. Key-Evolution Schemes Resilient to Space-Bounded Leakage. Resistance against Iterated Attacks by Decorrelation Revisited, . Adaptively Secure Multi-Party Computation with Dishonest Majority. Lattice Basis Delegation in Fixed Dimension and Shorter-Ciphertext Hierarchical IBE. Secure Database Commitments and Universal Arguments of Quasi Knowledge. A Comprehensive Evaluation of Mutual Information Analysis Using a Fair Evaluation Framework. Merkle Puzzles in a Quantum World. An Efficient and Parallel Gaussian Sampler for Lattices. The End of Crypto. Circular and Leakage Resilient Public-Key Encryption under Subgroup Indistinguishability - (or: Quadratic Residuosity Strikes Back). Cryptographic Extraction and Key Derivation: The HKDF Scheme. Time Space Tradeoffs for Attacks against One-Way Functions and PRGs. Oblivious RAM Revisited. Dynamic Credentials and Ciphertext Delegation for Attribute-Based Encryption. Improved Differential Attacks for ECHO and Grøstl. Substitution-Permutation Networks, Pseudorandom Functions, and Natural Proofs. Fully Homomorphic Encryption without Modulus Switching from Classical GapSVP. Structure-Preserving Signatures and Commitments to Group Elements. A New Approach to Practical Active-Secure Two-Party Computation. Leakage-Resilient Pseudorandom Functions and Side-Channel Attacks on Feistel Networks. New Impossibility Results for Concurrent Composition and a Non-interactive Completeness Theorem for Secure Computation. Leakage-Resilient Zero Knowledge. Multiparty Computation for Dishonest Majority: From Passive to Active Security at Low Cost. Differential Privacy with Imperfect Randomness. Collusion-Preserving Computation. Securing Computation against Continuous Leakage. Inverting HFE Systems Is Quasi-Polynomial for All Fields. Perfectly-Secure Multiplication for Any  Fully Homomorphic Encryption from Ring-LWE and Security for Key Dependent Messages. On the Efficiency of Classical and Quantum Oblivious Transfer Reductions. Optimal Structure-Preserving Signatures in Asymmetric Bilinear Groups. Time-Lock Puzzles in the Random Oracle Model. Efficient Dissection of Composite Problems, with Applications to Cryptanalysis, Knapsacks, and Combinatorial Search Problems. On Generalized Feistel Networks. 
Learning to propose objects. Adaptive region pooling for object detection. Diffusion filtering without parameter tuning: Models and inference tools. Multipoint Filtering with Local Polynomial Approximation and Range Guidance. Estimating demosaicing algorithms using image noise variance. Polynomial shape from shading. Constrained Clustering and Its Application to Face Clustering in Videos. Automatic Face Reenactment. Hybrid multi-view reconstruction by Jump-Diffusion. A theory of differential photometric stereo for unknown isotropic BRDFs. Robust plane-based structure from motion. Video Event Detection by Inferring Temporal Instance Labels. How do we use our hands? Discovering a diverse set of common grasps. Complex Activity Recognition Using Granger Constrained DBN (GCDBN) in Sports and Surveillance Video. Use bin-ratio information for category and scene classification. Robust Monocular Epipolar Flow Estimation. Towards 3D object detection with bimodal deep Boltzmann machines over RGBD imagery. Direction matters: Depth estimation with a surface normal classifier. Tag-based web photo retrieval improved by batch mode re-tagging. Long-Term Occupancy Analysis Using Graph-Based Optimisation in Thermal Imagery. Empirical Minimum Bayes Risk Prediction: How to Extract an Extra Few % Performance from Vision Models with Just Three More Parameters. Single Image Calibration of Multi-axial Imaging Systems. Saliency-guided integration of multiple scans. Enhancing by saliency-guided decolorization. Dynamical binary latent variable models for 3D human pose tracking. A Reverse Hierarchy Model for Predicting Eye Fixations. Cross-Scale Cost Aggregation for Stereo Matching. Adaptive eye-camera calibration for head-worn devices. Low level vision via switchable Markov random fields. Robust classification using structured sparse representation. A unified framework for event summarization and rare event detection. Scalable Multitask Representation Learning for Scene Classification. Efficient Squared Curvature. Recovering shape from a single image of a mirrored surface from curvature constraints. Improved subspace clustering via exploitation of spatial constraints. Localizing non-overlapping surveillance cameras under the L-Infinity norm. Feature- and depth-supported modified total variation optical flow for 3D motion field estimation in real scenes. Best of both worlds: Human-machine collaboration for object annotation. Pseudoconvex Proximal Splitting for L-infinity Problems in Multiview Geometry. Shape grammar parsing via Reinforcement Learning. A branch and contract algorithm for globally optimal fundamental matrix estimation. SURFing the point clouds: Selective 3D spatial pyramids for category-level object recognition. On SIFTs and their scales. Rolling shutter motion deblurring. Three things everyone should know to improve object retrieval. 3D Visual Proxemics: Recognizing Human Interactions in 3D from a Single Image. Exhaustive family of energies minimizable exactly by a graph cut. Semi-supervised low-rank mapping learning for multi-label classification. Adherent Raindrop Detection and Removal in Video. Efficient rotation invariant object detection using boosted Random Ferns. Robust saliency detection via regularized random walks ranking. Robust and discriminative distance for Multi-Instance Learning. Cross-View Action Recognition via a Continuous Virtual Path. Structure and motion from scene registration. Combining discriminative and generative methods for 3D deformable surface and articulated pose reconstruction. Distribution fields for tracking. Total variation regularization of shape signals. Poselet Conditioned Pictorial Structures. An improved deep learning architecture for person re-identification. Conditional regression forests for human pose estimation. Submodular Salient Region Detection. Automated quantitative description of spiral galaxy arm-segment structure. Wide-baseline stereo for face recognition with large pose variation. Detecting text in natural scenes with stroke width transform. Multimodal semi-supervised learning for image classification. Convolutional Neural Networks for No-Reference Image Quality Assessment. Discrete MRF Inference of Marginal Densities for Non-uniformly Discretized Variable Space. Learning Cross-Domain Information Transfer for Location Recognition and Clustering. Towards weakly supervised semantic segmentation by means of multiple instance and multitask learning. Optimal spatio-temporal path discovery for video event detection. Super resolution using edge prior and single image detail synthesis. Pushing the frontiers of unconstrained face detection and recognition: IARPA Janus Benchmark A. A Bayesian Framework for the Local Configuration of Retinal Junctions. Non-rigid registration of images with geometric and photometric deformation by using local affine Fourier-moment matching. A Sobolev-type metric for polar active contours. The image torque operator: A new tool for mid-level vision. Non-negative local coordinate factorization for image representation. Scalable Sparse Subspace Clustering. Seeing What You're Told: Sentence-Guided Activity Recognition in Video. Color constancy using faces. Intrinsic dense 3D surface tracking. The k-support norm and convex envelopes of cardinality and rank. BRDF Slices: Accurate Adaptive Anisotropic Appearance Acquisition. Full-Angle Quaternions for Robustly Matching Vectors of 3D Rotations. Consensus of k-NNs for Robust Neighborhood Selection on Graph-Based Manifolds. Surface color estimation based on inter- and intra-pixel relationships in outdoor scenes. Face recognition based on image sets. Asymmetric distances for binary embeddings. 3D Reconstruction from Accidental Motion. Recovering Surface Details under General Unknown Illumination Using Shading and Coarse Multi-view Stereo. Putting local features on a manifold. Cascaded pose regression. Total Bregman divergence and its applications to shape retrieval. Multi-target tracking by online learning of non-linear motion patterns and robust appearance models. The Variational Structure of Disparity and Regularization of 4D Light Fields. Bottom-Up Segmentation for Top-Down Detection. Large-scale image classification with trace-norm regularization. Facial expression editing in video using a temporally-smooth factorization. Cross-dataset action detection. Piecing together the segmentation jigsaw using context. Discovering and exploiting 3D symmetries in structure from motion. Substructure and boundary modeling for continuous action recognition. Variable grouping for energy minimization. Object recognition with hierarchical kernel descriptors. Efficient Boosted Exemplar-Based Face Detection. Robust video denoising using low rank matrix completion. Learning without Human Scores for Blind Image Quality Assessment. A Max-Margin Riffled Independence Model for Image Tag Ranking. Visual Tracking via Probability Continuous Outlier Model. Partial similarity based nonparametric scene parsing in certain environment. Trajectory matching from unsynchronized videos. Three viewpoints toward exemplar SVM. Video anomaly detection and localization using hierarchical feature representation and Gaussian process regression. MILCut: A Sweeping Line Multiple Instance Learning Paradigm for Interactive Image Segmentation. Supervised hashing with kernels. Improving Image Matting Using Comprehensive Sampling Sets. Crossing the Line: Crowd Counting by Integer Programming with Local Features. One-day outdoor photometric stereo via skylight estimation. A light transport model for mitigating multipath interference in Time-of-flight sensors. A stable multi-scale kernel for topological machine learning. Facial Expression Recognition via a Boosted Deep Belief Network. Parsing human motion with stretchable models. Watch and learn: Semi-supervised learning of object detectors from videos. Saliency Optimization from Robust Background Detection. Multiscale Centerline Detection by Learning a Scale-Space Distance Transform. Single image depth estimation from predicted semantic labels. Face alignment using cascade Gaussian process regression trees. "Lattice Cut" - Constructing superpixels using layer constraints. Joint 3D Scene Reconstruction and Class Segmentation. Minimal Solvers for Relative Pose with a Single Unknown Radial Distortion. A spatially varying PSF-based prior for alpha matting. DL-SFA: Deeply-Learned Slow Feature Analysis for Action Recognition. Robust Multi-resolution Pedestrian Detection in Traffic Scenes. Efficient filter flow for space-variant multiframe blind deconvolution. A biquadratic reflectance model for radiometric image analysis. Aligning images in the wild. Functional categorization of objects using real-time markerless motion capture. Efficient inference for fully-connected CRFs with stationarity. Discriminative Blur Detection Features. 3D Shape and Indirect Appearance by Structured Light Transport. Example-based cross-modal denoising. Covering trees and lower-bounds on quadratic assignment. Web scale photo hash clustering on a single machine. DeepFace: Closing the Gap to Human-Level Performance in Face Verification. Dense Semantic Image Segmentation with Objects and Attributes. Projection Metric Learning on Grassmann Manifold with Application to Video based Face Recognition. Image Reconstruction from Bag-of-Visual-Words. Integrating parametric and non-parametric models for scene labeling. A two-stage approach to blind spatially-varying motion deblurring. Sparse depth super resolution. Iterated Second-Order Label Sensitive Pooling for 3D Human Pose Estimation. Discriminative shape from shading in uncalibrated illumination. Stable Learning in Coding Space for Multi-class Decoding and Its Extension for Multi-class Hypothesis Transfer Learning. Efficient additive kernels via explicit feature maps. Motion Part Regularization: Improving action recognition via trajectory group selection. Image ranking and retrieval based on multi-attribute queries. Capturing Long-Tail Distributions of Object Subcategories. Multi-view hair capture using orientation fields. Weighted Nuclear Norm Minimization with Application to Image Denoising. Rich Feature Hierarchies for Accurate Object Detection and Semantic Segmentation. Probabilistic event logic for interval-based event recognition. Line-sweep: Cross-ratio for wide-baseline matching and 3D reconstruction. Posture invariant surface description and feature extraction. Beyond trees: MRF inference via outer-planar decomposition. Dense Segmentation-Aware Descriptors. On partial least squares in head pose estimation: How to simultaneously deal with misalignment. Action classification on product manifolds. A unified approach to salient object detection via low rank matrix recovery. Robust video segment proposals with painless occlusion handling. Multi-label learning with incomplete class assignments. Hashing with binary autoencoders. YouTubeCat: Learning to categorize wild web videos. Local Layering for Joint Motion Estimation and Occlusion Detection. Second-Order Shape Optimization for Geometric Inverse Problems in Vision. Beyond Comparing Image Pairs: Setwise Active Learning for Relative Attributes. Adaptive Color Attributes for Real-Time Visual Tracking. Performance evaluation of color correction approaches for automatic multi-view image and video stitching. A convex optimization approach to robust fundamental matrix estimation. Joint photo stream and blog post summarization and exploration. Visual stem mapping and Geometric Tense coding for Augmented Visual Vocabulary. Understanding classifier errors by examining influential neighbors. City-scale landmark identification on mobile devices. Unsupervised auxiliary visual words discovery for large-scale image object retrieval. Patch Match Filter: Efficient Edge-Aware Filtering Meets Randomized Search for Fast Correspondence Field Estimation. Non-rigid Segmentation Using Sparse Low Dimensional Manifolds and Deep Belief Networks. Adaptive Object Retrieval with Kernel Reconstructive Hashing. Boosting algorithms for simultaneous feature extraction and selection. Multi-domain, higher order level set scheme for 3D image segmentation on the GPU. A generative statistical model for tracking multiple smooth trajectories. Efficient Color Boundary Detection with Color-Opponent Mechanisms. Optimizing one-shot recognition with micro-set learning. Recognizing human actions from still images with latent poses. Motionlets: Mid-level 3D Parts for Human Motion Recognition. Simulating human saccadic scanpaths on natural images. What Camera Motion Reveals about Shape with Unknown BRDF. Light field from micro-baseline image pair. Angular domain reconstruction of dynamic 3D fluid surfaces. DCMSVM: Distributed parallel training for single-machine multiclass classifiers. Robust tracking via weakly supervised ranking SVM. Leveraging category-level labels for instance-level image retrieval. Smooth Representation Clustering. Predicting Object Dynamics in Scenes. On the appearance of translucent edges. POOF: Part-Based One-vs.-One Features for Fine-Grained Categorization, Face Verification, and Attribute Estimation. Robust Orthonormal Subspace Learning: Efficient Recovery of Corrupted Low-Rank Matrices. Consensus photometric stereo. Long-term correlation tracking. A Theory of Refractive Photo-Light-Path Triangulation. Matching 2D image lines to 3D models: Two improvements and a new algorithm. Visual saliency detection by spatially weighted dissimilarity. Non-rigid Structure from Motion with Diffusion Maps Prior. Geo-location estimation from two shadow trajectories. Large-Scale Video Summarization Using Web-Image Priors. Learning to localize detected objects. Hierarchical Feature Hashing for Fast Dimensionality Reduction. Simultaneous dimensionality reduction and human age estimation via kernel partial least squares regression. Discrete optimization of ray potentials for semantic 3D reconstruction. Elastic functional coding of human actions: From vector-fields to latent variables. Unsupervised Multi-class Joint Image Segmentation. TVParser: An automatic TV video parsing method. Robust Maximum Likelihood estimation by sparse bundle adjustment using the L1 norm. Using k-Poselets for Detecting People and Localizing Their Keypoints. Ensemble Learning for Confidence Measures in Stereo Vision. A geodesic-preserving method for image warping. Active Frame, Location, and Detector Selection for Automated and Manual Video Annotation. Large-scale image retrieval with compressed Fisher vectors. Image segmentation in Twenty Questions. Accidental pinhole and pinspeck cameras: Revealing the scene outside the picture. Blind deconvolution using a normalized sparsity measure. Learning multiple visual tasks while discovering their structure. Efficient action spotting based on a spacetime oriented structure representation. Robust Subspace Segmentation with Block-Diagonal Prior. Learning rotation-aware features: From invariant priors to equivariant descriptors. A probabilistic framework for joint segmentation and tracking. Exploiting phonological constraints for handshape inference in ASL video. A discriminative CNN video representation for event detection. What has my classifier learned? Visualizing the classification rules of bag-of-feature model by support region detection. Shadow Removal from Single RGB-D Images. Tree quantization for large-scale similarity search and classification. Don't just listen, use your imagination: Leveraging visual common sense for non-visual tasks. Predicting Multiple Attributes via Relative Multi-task Learning. Deeply learned face representations are sparse, selective, and robust. Per-pixel translational symmetry detection, optimization, and segmentation. KL divergence based agglomerative clustering for automated Vitiligo grading. Exemplar SVMs as visual feature encoders. Discriminant analysis on Riemannian manifold of Gaussian distributions for face recognition with image sets. What you saw is not what you get: Domain adaptation using asymmetric kernel transforms. Uncalibrated photometric stereo based on elevation angle recovery from BRDF symmetry of isotropic materials. Scalable face image retrieval with identity-based quantization and multi-reference re-ranking. Estimation of image bias field with sparsity constraints. Subspace Clustering for Sequential Data. Joint 2D-3D temporally consistent semantic segmentation of street scenes. Convex reduction of high-dimensional kernels for visual classification. Fast Rotation Search with Stereographic Projections for 3D Registration. Predicting Matchability. Background Modeling Based on Bidirectional Analysis. Learning hierarchical invariant spatio-temporal features for action recognition with independent subspace analysis. Detecting and Naming Actors in Movies Using Generative Appearance Models. Online incremental attribute-based zero-shot learning. Anomaly detection in crowded scenes. Deep visual-semantic alignments for generating image descriptions. Designing Category-Level Attributes for Discriminative Visual Recognition. Object scene flow for autonomous vehicles. Random walks based multi-image segmentation: Quasiconvexity results and GPU-based solutions. Adapted Gaussian models for image classification. A Multichannel Edge-Weighted Centroidal Voronoi Tessellation algorithm for 3D super-alloy image segmentation. Constraints as Features. Joint Summarization of Large-Scale Collections of Web Images and Videos for Storyline Reconstruction. A square-root sampling approach to fast histogram-based search. Recovering Line-Networks in Images by Junction-Point Processes. Nonparametric Context Modeling of Local Appearance for Pose- and Expression-Robust Facial Landmark Localization. Visual saliency based on multiscale deep features. Multi-target Tracking by Rank-1 Tensor Approximation. Asymmetric Sparse Kernel Approximations for Large-Scale Visual Search. Multi-source Multi-scale Counting in Extremely Dense Crowd Images. Learning image-specific parameters for interactive segmentation. Person count localization in videos from noisy foreground and detections. Orientation Robust Text Line Detection in Natural Images. On growth and formlets: Sparse multi-scale coding of planar shape. Low-Cost Compressive Sensing for Color Video and Depth. Triangulation Embedding and Democratic Aggregation for Image Search. Visual textures as realizations of multivariate log-Gaussian Cox processes. See all by looking at a few: Sparse modeling for finding representative objects. Geodesic graph cut for interactive image segmentation. Statistical Textural Distinctiveness for Salient Region Detection in Natural Images. Hollywood 3D: Recognizing Actions in 3D Natural Scenes. Elastic-net regularization of singular values for robust subspace learning. Automatic mitral leaflet tracking in echocardiography by outlier detection in the low-rank representation. Efficient Pruning LMI Conditions for Branch-and-Prune Rank and Chirality-Constrained Estimation of the Dual Absolute Quadric. Reconstructing Gas Flows Using Light-Path Approximation. Robust object tracking via sparsity-based collaborative model. Instantly telling what happens in a video sequence using simple features. Model recommendation: Generating object detectors from few samples. Semi-supervised Learning of Feature Hierarchies for Object Detection in a Video. Combination features and models for human detection. DeepPose: Human Pose Estimation via Deep Neural Networks. High-resolution hyperspectral imaging via matrix factorization. Monocular 3D scene understanding with explicit occlusion reasoning. Understanding image structure via hierarchical shape parsing. Predicting User Annoyance Using Visual Attributes. Actom sequence models for efficient action detection. Growing a bag of systems tree for fast and accurate classification. SLAM++: Simultaneous Localisation and Mapping at the Level of Objects. Simultaneous Active Learning of Classifiers & Attributes via Relative Feedback. Manhattan Scene Understanding via XSlit Imaging. SOM: Semantic obviousness metric for image quality assessment. On the Quotient Representation for the Essential Manifold. The Synthesizability of Texture Examples. Transitive Distance Clustering with K-Means Duality. Learning and matching multiscale template descriptors for real-time detection, localization and tracking. Using Projection Kurtosis Concentration of Natural Images for Blind Noise Covariance Matrix Estimation. Learning active facial patches for expression analysis. Local Naive Bayes Nearest Neighbor for image classification. Tensor-Based Human Body Modeling. Joint tracking and segmentation of multiple targets. Descriptor free visual indoor localization with line segments. Intrinsic images decomposition using a local and global sparse representation of reflectance. Global Gaussian approach for scene categorization using information geometry. Submodular decomposition framework for inference in associative Markov networks with global constraints. On the relationship between visual attributes and convolutional networks. PClines - Line detection using parallel coordinates. Secrets of optical flow estimation and their principles. Probabilistic Label Trees for Efficient Large Scale Image Classification. Deep convolutional neural fields for depth estimation from a single image. Active sample selection and correction propagation on a gradually-augmented graph. Locally Aligned Feature Transforms across Views. Automatic adaptation of a generic pedestrian detector to a specific traffic scene. Video from nearly still: An application to low frame-rate gait recognition. Robust Manhattan Frame estimation from a single RGB-D image. Discriminative tag learning on YouTube videos with latent sub-tags. Winding Number for Region-Boundary Consistent Salient Contour Extraction. Visual tracking via weakly supervised learning from multiple imperfect oracles. Towards compact topical descriptors. Intrinsic shape context descriptors for deformable shapes. An efficient divide-and-conquer cascade for nonlinear object detection. Graph Cut Based Continuous Stereo Matching Using Locally Shared Labels. Building a dictionary of image fragments. Majorization-minimization mixture model determination in image segmentation. Image categorization using Fisher kernels of non-iid image models. Learning Scalable Discriminative Dictionary with Sample Relatedness. Factorized graph matching. Anytime Recognition of Objects and Scenes. 3D-Based Reasoning with Blocks, Support, and Stability. Discriminative affine sparse codes for image classification. The scale of edges. A Bayesian Approach to Multimodal Visual Dictionary Learning. Object detection via boundary structure segmentation. Example-based 3D object reconstruction from line drawings. Multi-structure model selection via kernel optimisation. Efficient object localization using Convolutional Networks. A combined pose, object, and feature model for action understanding. Absolute pose for cameras under flat refractive interfaces. Exemplar-Based Face Parsing. Robust large scale monocular visual SLAM. Reconstructing Storyline Graphs for Image Recommendation from Web Community Photos. Recognition of Complex Events: Exploiting Temporal Dynamics between Underlying Concepts. Hierarchical Saliency Detection. HON4D: Histogram of Oriented 4D Normals for Activity Recognition from Depth Sequences. Multicore bundle adjustment. Face Alignment at 3000 FPS via Regressing Local Binary Features. Simultaneous foreground, background, and alpha estimation for image matting. Decorrelating Semantic Visual Attributes by Resisting the Urge to Share. Boundary Cues for 3D Object Shape Recovery. Coarse-to-fine region selection and matching. Learning to Estimate and Remove Non-uniform Image Blur. Supervised hierarchical Pitman-Yor process for natural scene segmentation. Local Readjustment for High-Resolution 3D Reconstruction. Finding the weakest link in person detectors. Supervised Descent Method and Its Applications to Face Alignment. Principal Observation Ray Calibration for Tiled-Lens-Array Integral Imaging Display. Fusion of GPS and structure-from-motion using constrained bundle adjustments. Coupling detection and data association for multiple object tracking. Discriminative Feature-to-Point Matching in Image-Based Localization. Segment-Tree Based Cost Aggregation for Stereo Matching. Robust and efficient regularized boosting using total Bregman divergence. Fast Edge-Preserving PatchMatch for Large Displacement Optical Flow. Consistent depth maps recovery from a trinocular video sequence. DASC: Dense adaptive self-correlation descriptor for multi-modal and multi-spectral correspondence. A constant-space belief propagation algorithm for stereo matching. Scene warping: Layer-based stereoscopic image resizing. Joint Detection, Tracking and Mapping by Semantic Bundle Adjustment. Photometric Stereo Using Constrained Bivariate Regression for General Isotropic Surfaces. 3D Reconstruction in the presence of glasses by acoustic and stereo fusion. Inferring Unseen Views of People. Discrete-continuous optimization for multi-target tracking. Evaluation of low-level features and their combinations for complex event detection in open source videos. Relaxing the 3L algorithm for an accurate implicit polynomial fitting. Gait Recognition under Speed Transition. Visual recognition by counting instances: A multi-instance cardinality potential kernel. An active search strategy for efficient object class detection. First-person pose recognition using egocentric workspaces. Graph-based detection, segmentation & characterization of brain tumors. Efficient Structured Parsing of Facades Using Dynamic Programming. DAISY Filter Flow: A Generalized Discrete Approach to Dense Correspondences. Graph Matching with Anchor Nodes: A Learning Approach. Visual recognition by learning from web data: A weakly supervised domain generalization approach. Scale and rotation invariant matching using linearly augmented trees. Robust 3D Tracking with Descriptor Fields. Beyond Mahalanobis metric: Cayley-Klein metric learning. Surface extraction from binary volumes with higher-order smoothness. Recognizing human actions by attributes. Building and using a semantivisual image hierarchy. Inference for order reduction in Markov random fields. Occlusion Geodesics for Online Multi-object Tracking. Simulating makeup through physics-based manipulation of intrinsic image layers. Learning 3D action models from a few 2D videos for view invariant action recognition. Robust RVM regression using sparse outlier model. DEEP-CARVING: Discovering visual attributes by carving deep neural nets. Implicit hierarchical boosting for multi-view object detection. Latent trees for estimating intensity of Facial Action Units. Noise-optimal capture for high dynamic range photography. Monocular 3D pose estimation and tracking by detection. Pixel-Level Hand Detection in Ego-centric Videos. CIDEr: Consensus-based image description evaluation. Who Do I Look Like? Determining Parent-Offspring Resemblance via Gated Autoencoders. Efficient extraction of human motion volumes by tracking. Learning from massive noisy labeled data for image classification. Analysis of light transport in scattering media. Max-Margin Boltzmann Machines for Object Segmentation. Joint Spectral Correspondence for Disparate Image Matching. A Thousand Frames in Just a Few Words: Lingual Description of Videos through Latent Topics and Sparse Object Stitching. Using a Deformation Field Model for Localizing Faces and Facial Points under Weak Supervision. Support vector regression for multi-view gait recognition based on local motion feature selection. Robust flash deblurring. Multi-class cosegmentation. Gated classifiers: Boosting under high intra-class variation. Discovering important people and objects for egocentric video summarization. Object cut: Complex 3D object reconstruction through line drawing separation. Discrete-Continuous Gradient Orientation Estimation for Faster Image Segmentation. An Exemplar-Based CRF for Multi-instance Object Segmentation. Deep Learning Shape Priors for Object Segmentation. Supervised mid-level features for word image representation. Discriminative Color Descriptors. Learning Optimal Seeds for Diffusion-Based Salient Object Detection. Fast recursive ensemble convolution of Haar-like features. The role of features, algorithms and data in visual recognition. Evaluation of Color STIPs for Human Action Recognition. Particle filter with state permutations for solving image jigsaw puzzles. CrossTrack: Robust 3D tracking from two cross-sectional views. Principal regression analysis. Dense Variational Reconstruction of Non-rigid Surfaces from Monocular Video. A large-scale benchmark dataset for event recognition in surveillance video. The Generalized Laplacian Distance and Its Applications for Visual Matching. Scattering Parameters and Surface Normals from Homogeneous Translucent Materials Using Photometric Stereo. Learning to Detect Partially Overlapping Instances. A Compositional Model for Low-Dimensional Image Set Representation. Ontological supervision for fine grained classification of Street View storefronts. Graph matching through entropic manifold alignment. Unsupervised learning of complex articulated kinematic structures combining motion and skeleton information. Discrete-Continuous Depth Estimation from a Single Image. Towards general motion-based face recognition. Comparing data-dependent and data-independent embeddings for classification and ranking of Internet images. Understanding Bayesian Rooms Using Composite 3D Object Models. Exploring features in a Bayesian framework for material recognition. Rapid and accurate developmental stage recognition of C. elegans from high-throughput image data. Active Flattening of Curved Document Images via Two Structured Beams. Free-form mesh tracking: A patch-based approach. Submodularity beyond submodular energies: Coupling edges in graph cuts. Style transfer matrix learning for writer adaptation. Multipath Sparse Coding Using Hierarchical Matching Pursuit. Adaptive random forest - How many "experts" to ask before making a decision? Isogeometric finite-elements methods and variational reconstruction tasks in vision - A perfect match. Gesture Recognition Portfolios for Personalization. Unsupervised detection and segmentation of identical objects. Optimal HDR reconstruction with linear digital cameras. Object recognition by discriminative combinations of line segments and ellipses. Unsupervised object class discovery via saliency-guided multiple class learning. Affinity learning via self-diffusion for image segmentation and clustering. Discriminately decreasing discriminability with learned image filters. Video event recognition with deep hierarchical context model. Integrating Grammar and Segmentation for Human Pose Estimation. Template-Based Isometric Deformable 3D Reconstruction with Sampling-Based Focal Length Self-Calibration. Shading-Based Shape Refinement of RGB-D Images. Image Understanding from Experts' Eyes by Modeling Perceptual Skill of Diagnostic Reasoning Processes. The common self-polar triangle of concentric circles and its application to camera calibration. Spatial-bag-of-features. Linear discriminative image processing operator analysis. Free-shape subwindow search for object localization. Mid-level deep pattern mining. Batch mode Adaptive Multiple Instance Learning for computer vision tasks. Exploiting global connectivity constraints for reconstruction of 3D line segments from images. A fast nearest neighbor search algorithm by nonlinear embedding. Detector discovery in the wild: Joint multiple instance and representation learning. On deep generative models with applications to recognition. Top-down visual saliency via joint CRF and dictionary learning. Active learning for semantic segmentation with expected change. Visual Place Recognition with Repetitive Structures. A dynamic programming approach for fast and robust object pose recognition from range images. Robust multiple homography estimation: An ill-solved problem. Neuroaesthetics in fashion: Modeling the perception of fashionability. Meta-class features for large-scale object categorization on a budget. Discriminative and consistent similarities in instance-level Multiple Instance Learning. Global and local isometry-invariant descriptor for 3D shape comparison and partial matching. Modeling deformable gradient compositions for single-image super-resolution. 3D all the way: Semantic segmentation of urban scenes from start to end in 3D. An associate-predict model for face recognition. Transfer Joint Matching for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation. Exploiting local and global patch rarities for saliency detection. Adaptive pose priors for pictorial structures. Sharing features in multi-class boosting via group sparsity. Center-Shift: An approach towards automatic robust mesh segmentation (ARMS). LMI-based 2D-3D registration: From uncalibrated images to Euclidean scene. Customizing biometric authentication systems via discriminative score calibration. Deep roto-translation scattering for object classification. Fast Patch-Based Denoising Using Approximated Patch Geodesic Paths. Online-batch strongly convex Multi Kernel Learning. Efficient Hierarchical Graph-Based Segmentation of RGBD Videos. Registration of camera captured documents under non-rigid deformation. A study of Nesterov's scheme for Lagrangian decomposition and MAP labeling. Ordinal hyperplanes ranker with cost sensitivities for age estimation. Graph cuts optimization for multi-limb human segmentation in depth maps. Curious snakes: A minimum latency solution to the cluttered background problem in active contours. Camera intrinsic blur kernel estimation: A reliable framework. Phase-based frame interpolation for video. Blind Deconvolution of Widefield Fluorescence Microscopic Data by Regularization of the Optical Transfer Function (OTF). Learning the Change for Automatic Image Cropping. Online visual vocabulary pruning using pairwise constraints. Occlusion reasoning for object detection under arbitrary viewpoint. Image search results refinement via outlier detection using deep contexts. Very Fast Solution to the PnP Problem with Algebraic Outlier Rejection. The aperture problem for refractive motion. On the dimensionality of video bricks under varying illumination. Cats and dogs. Hierarchical face parsing via deep learning. Detection of Manipulation Action Consequences (MAC). Rolling shutter bundle adjustment. Object-Based Multiple Foreground Video Co-segmentation. Joint Geodesic Upsampling of Depth Images. Piecewise planar and non-planar stereo for urban scene reconstruction. Part and appearance sharing: Recursive Compositional Models for multi-view. Event Retrieval in Large Video Collections with Circulant Temporal Encoding. Robust order-based methods for feature description. Sketch Tokens: A Learned Mid-level Representation for Contour and Object Detection. Locality-sensitive support vector machine by exploring local correlation and global regularization. Multilinear pose and body shape estimation of dressed subjects from image sets. Robust point set registration using EM-ICP with information-theoretically optimal outlier handling. 3D Scene priors for road detection. Backscatter Compensated Photometric Stereo with 3 Sources. Spherical hashing. Deformable Spatial Pyramid Matching for Fast Dense Correspondences. A database for fine grained activity detection of cooking activities. Total variation for cyclic structures: Convex relaxation and efficient minimization. Learning to Detect Ground Control Points for Improving the Accuracy of Stereo Matching. Generalized time warping for multi-modal alignment of human motion. Instance-Weighted Transfer Learning of Active Appearance Models. Efficient Detector Adaptation for Object Detection in a Video. Proposal generation for object detection using cascaded ranking SVMs. Templateless Quasi-rigid Shape Modeling with Implicit Loop-Closure. From active contours to active surfaces. Cascade object detection with deformable part models. DevNet: A Deep Event Network for multimedia event detection and evidence recounting. Small-variance nonparametric clustering on the hypersphere. Capturing Time-of-Flight data with confidence. A polar representation of motion and implications for optical flow. Active learning for piecewise planar 3D reconstruction. Fusion moves for correlation clustering. Fast polygonal integration and its application in extending haar-like features to improve object detection. Beyond the shortest path: Unsupervised domain adaptation by Sampling Subspaces along the Spline Flow. Better Exploiting Motion for Better Action Recognition. Scanline Sampler without Detailed Balance: An Efficient MCMC for MRF Optimization. Semantic alignment of LiDAR data at city scale. Entropy rate superpixel segmentation. 3D morphable model construction for robust ear and face recognition. Robust classification of objects, faces, and flowers using natural image statistics. Neuron geometry extraction by perceptual grouping in ssTEM images. A game-theoretic approach to fine surface registration without initial motion estimation. Bayesian View Synthesis and Image-Based Rendering Principles. Action recognition by exploring data distribution and feature correlation. Learning to rank in person re-identification with metric ensembles. 3D visual phrases for landmark recognition. Learning temporally consistent rigidities. Multi-forest Tracker: A Chameleon in Tracking. Rectification, and Segmentation of Coplanar Repeated Patterns. L1 rotation averaging using the Weiszfeld algorithm. Robust tracking using local sparse appearance model and K-selection. Learning full pairwise affinities for spectral segmentation. Multiview registration via graph diffusion of dual quaternions. Discovering states and transformations in image collections. Recognition using visual phrases. Classifier learning with hidden information. Combining local appearance and holistic view: Dual-Source Deep Neural Networks for human pose estimation. Fast and high-performance template matching method. Using optical defocus to denoise. Exploring Compositional High Order Pattern Potentials for Structured Output Learning. Accelerated low-rank visual recovery by random projection. Mobile product search with Bag of Hash Bits and boundary reranking. Sharing features between objects and their attributes. Block and Group Regularized Sparse Modeling for Dictionary Learning. Cloud Motion as a Calibration Cue. Edge-preserving photometric stereo via depth fusion. Efficient Euclidean distance transform using perpendicular bisector segmentation. Online detection of unusual events in videos via dynamic sparse coding. Large-Scale Video Classification with Convolutional Neural Networks. Discrete texture traces: Topological representation of geometric context. A probabilistic image jigsaw puzzle solver. Fast 2D border ownership assignment. First-Person Activity Recognition: What Are They Doing to Me? Dominant orientation templates for real-time detection of texture-less objects. Shape and refractive index recovery from single-view polarisation images. Recognizing RGB Images by Learning from RGB-D Data. A Practical Rank-Constrained Eight-Point Algorithm for Fundamental Matrix Estimation. Minimal Scene Descriptions from Structure from Motion Models. Efficient Large-Scale Structured Learning. PROST: Parallel robust online simple tracking. 2.5D building modeling by discovering global regularities. Learning structured prediction models for interactive image labeling. Optimizing kd-trees for scalable visual descriptor indexing. Clues from the beaten path: Location estimation with bursty sequences of tourist photos. A convolutional neural network cascade for face detection. A Video Representation Using Temporal Superpixels. Analysis by Synthesis: 3D Object Recognition by Object Reconstruction. Rectification and 3D reconstruction of curved document images. Human vs. Computer in Scene and Object Recognition. What helps where - and why? Semantic relatedness for knowledge transfer. Complex Event Detection via Multi-source Video Attributes. Data-Driven Flower Petal Modeling with Botany Priors. A Principled Approach for Coarse-to-Fine MAP Inference. A Fully-Connected Layered Model of Foreground and Background Flow. Branch-and-price global optimization for multi-view multi-target tracking. Dense Non-rigid Point-Matching Using Random Projections. Prostate Segmentation in CT Images via Spatial-Constrained Transductive Lasso. QsRank: Query-sensitive hash code ranking for efficient ∊-neighbor search. Domain-size pooling in local descriptors: DSP-SIFT. Kernel Learning for Extrinsic Classification of Manifold Features. Lost! Leveraging the Crowd for Probabilistic Visual Self-Localization. Exploring facial expressions with compositional features. Unifying holistic and Parts-Based Deformable Model fitting. Unsupervised local color correction for coarsely registered images. Hyper-class augmented and regularized deep learning for fine-grained image classification. Automatic discovery of groups of objects for scene understanding. Gauss-Newton Deformable Part Models for Face Alignment In-the-Wild. Discovering the Structure of a Planar Mirror System from Multiple Observations of a Single Point. Generating Object Segmentation Proposals Using Global and Local Search. Motion detail preserving optical flow estimation. Efficient and accurate approximations of nonlinear convolutional networks. SUN attribute database: Discovering, annotating, and recognizing scene attributes. Earth mover's prototypes: A convex learning approach for discovering activity patterns in dynamic scenes. Sparse approximated nearest points for image set classification. Fine-grained classification of pedestrians in video: Benchmark and state of the art. Distributed message passing for large scale graphical models. Efficient 3D Endfiring TRUS Prostate Segmentation with Globally Optimized Rotational Symmetry. Three-Dimensional Bilateral Symmetry Plane Estimation in the Phase Domain. Adaptive linear predictors for real-time tracking. Decoding Children's Social Behavior. Discovering scene categories by information projection and cluster sampling. Synthesizing oil painting surface geometry from a single photograph. Image analysis by counting on a grid. Joint face alignment with a generic deformable face model. Discriminative Sparse Inverse Covariance Matrix: Application in Brain Functional Network Classification. High-fidelity Pose and Expression Normalization for face recognition in the wild. A content-aware image prior. Transparent Object Reconstruction via Coded Transport of Intensity. Sparse Dictionary Learning for Edit Propagation of High-Resolution Images. Gradient-directed composition of multi-exposure images. Real-time facial feature detection using conditional regression forests. Space-time super-resolution from a single video. Perceptual Organization and Recognition of Indoor Scenes from RGB-D Images. What are we looking for: Towards statistical modeling of saccadic eye movements and visual saliency. Unsupervised object discovery and localization in the wild: Part-based matching with bottom-up region proposals. Similarity-Aware Patchwork Assembly for Depth Image Super-resolution. Space-time tree ensemble for action recognition. Unconstrained Monocular 3D Human Pose Estimation by Action Detection and Cross-Modality Regression Forest. Layered segmentation and optical flow estimation over time. Online Object Tracking, Learning, and Parsing with And-Or Graphs. Mesh Based Semantic Modelling for Indoor and Outdoor Scenes. Face recognition with learning-based descriptor. D-Nets: Beyond patch-based image descriptors. Simultaneous Localization and Calibration: Self-Calibration of Consumer Depth Cameras. Efficient Maximum Appearance Search for Large-Scale Object Detection. Face alignment by coarse-to-fine shape searching. Is object localization for free? - Weakly-supervised learning with convolutional neural networks. Expanded Parts Model for Human Attribute and Action Recognition in Still Images. Recovering Stereo Pairs from Anaglyphs. Talking pictures: Temporal grouping and dialog-supervised person recognition. Identifying players in broadcast sports videos using conditional random fields. Increasing depth resolution of electron microscopy of neural circuits using sparse tomographic reconstruction. Dynamic batch mode active learning. Actionness Ranking with Lattice Conditional Ordinal Random Fields. New features and insights for pedestrian detection. Bayesian deblurring with integrated noise estimation. Single-image shadow detection and removal using paired regions. Sequential Convex Relaxation for Mutual Information-Based Unsupervised Figure-Ground Segmentation. Dual domain filters based texture and structure preserving image non-blind deconvolution. Prediction of search targets from fixations in open-world settings. Strokelets: A Learned Multi-scale Representation for Scene Text Recognition. Multi-target tracking of time-varying spatial patterns. Interreflection removal for photometric stereo by using spectrum-dependent albedo. Hierarchical anatomical brain networks for MCI prediction by partial least square analysis. Beyond active noun tagging: Modeling contextual interactions for multi-class active learning. Book2Movie: Aligning video scenes with book chapters. Names and shades of color for intrinsic image estimation. Pedestrian Detection in Low-Resolution Imagery by Learning Multi-scale Intrinsic Motion Structures (MIMS). Hierarchical semantic indexing for large scale image retrieval. R6P - Rolling shutter absolute pose problem. Tracklet Association with Online Target-Specific Metric Learning. Unsupervised discovery of facial events. Importance filtering for image retargeting. Real-Time Simultaneous Pose and Shape Estimation for Articulated Objects Using a Single Depth Camera. Probability occupancy maps for occluded depth images. A branch-and-bound algorithm for globally optimal hand-eye calibration. Multi-scale Curve Detection on Surfaces. Good features to track for visual SLAM. Is face recognition really a Compressive Sensing problem? Understanding collective crowd behaviors: Learning a Mixture model of Dynamic pedestrian-Agents. Learning invariance through imitation. Neighborhood repulsed metric learning for kinship verification. Inverting RANSAC: Global model detection via inlier rate estimation. Learning a hierarchy of discriminative space-time neighborhood features for human action recognition. Parameter-free/Pareto-driven procedural 3D reconstruction of buildings from ground-level sequences. Scene Parsing by Integrating Function, Geometry and Appearance Models. Reflectance and Fluorescent Spectra Recovery Based on Fluorescent Chromaticity Invariance under Varying Illumination. Image Pre-compensation: Balancing Contrast and Ringing. Supervised translation-invariant sparse coding. Learning object class detectors from weakly annotated video. A general method for the point of regard estimation in 3D space. TILDE: A Temporally Invariant Learned DEtector. A dataset for Movie Description. BING: Binarized Normed Gradients for Objectness Estimation at 300fps. Modeling Actions through State Changes. Iterative Nearest Neighbors for classification and dimensionality reduction. An optimized DBN-based mode-focussing particle filter. Top-Down Segmentation of Non-rigid Visual Objects Using Derivative-Based Search on Sparse Manifolds. Learning ordinal discriminative features for age estimation. Becoming the expert - interactive multi-class machine teaching. Pose pooling kernels for sub-category recognition. Action recognition by dense trajectories. Articulated pose estimation with flexible mixtures-of-parts. Sparse Quantization for Patch Description. Sample-Specific Late Fusion for Visual Category Recognition. L0 Norm Based Dictionary Learning by Proximal Methods with Global Convergence. Visual Tracking via Locality Sensitive Histograms. Diffuse Mirrors: 3D Reconstruction from Diffuse Indirect Illumination Using Inexpensive Time-of-Flight Sensors. A segmentation-aware object detection model with occlusion handling. Content-aware Ranking for visual search. Optimized Pedestrian Detection for Multiple and Occluded People. Collective Matrix Factorization Hashing for Multimodal Data. Single image 3D human pose estimation from noisy observations. From 3D scene geometry to human workspace. Automatic upright adjustment of photographs. Sparse Bayesian multi-task learning for predicting cognitive outcomes from neuroimaging measures in Alzheimer's disease. Efficient structured prediction for 3D indoor scene understanding. Multi-manifold deep metric learning for image set classification. Stream-based joint exploration-exploitation active learning. Multiclass pixel labeling with non-local matching constraints. A complete statistical inverse ray tracing approach to multi-view stereo. Learning appearance in virtual scenarios for pedestrian detection. Auto-directed video stabilization with robust L1 optimal camera paths. Human Shape and Pose Tracking Using Keyframes. PCCA: A new approach for distance learning from sparse pairwise constraints. Single target tracking using adaptive clustered decision trees and dynamic multi-level appearance models. Interest seam image. Deep Fisher Kernels - End to End Learning of the Fisher Kernel GMM Parameters. Point-based non-rigid surface registration with accuracy estimation. Visual object tracking using adaptive correlation filters. Spatiotemporal Deformable Part Models for Action Detection. Computationally bounded retrieval. Compact projection: Simple and efficient near neighbor search with practical memory requirements. Data driven mean-shift belief propagation for non-gaussian MRFs. Additive Quantization for Extreme Vector Compression. Trinocular Geometry Revisited. Binary Code Ranking with Weighted Hamming Distance. Temporally coherent interpretations for long videos using pattern theory. Recognizing Activities via Bag of Words for Attribute Dynamics. Real-time 3D head pose and facial landmark estimation from depth images using triangular surface patch features. Sparse representation classification with manifold constraints transfer. Dynamically encoded actions based on spacetime saliency. A tiered move-making algorithm for general pairwise MRFs. Convolutional neural networks at constrained time cost. A 3-D marked point process model for multi-view people detection. Specular Reflection Separation Using Dark Channel Prior. Image retrieval with geometry-preserving visual phrases. Dual Linear Regression Based Classification for Face Cluster Recognition. Deformable part models are convolutional neural networks. A data-driven approach for facial expression synthesis in video. Class Generative Models Based on Feature Regression for Pose Estimation of Object Categories. Discriminatively Trained And-Or Tree Models for Object Detection. Attribute-Based Detection of Unfamiliar Classes with Humans in the Loop. Parametric dimensionality reduction by unsupervised regression. Unsupervised co-segmentation through region matching. Semantic Object Selection. Fourier Analysis on Transient Imaging with a Multifrequency Time-of-Flight Camera. Foreground detection using spatiotemporal projection kernels. iCoseg: Interactive co-segmentation with intelligent scribble guidance. Probabilistic temporal inference on reconstructed 3D scenes. Persistence-Based Structural Recognition. Recognizing proxemics in personal photos. An Automated Estimator of Image Visual Realism Based on Human Cognition. Efficient automatic 3D-reconstruction of branching neurons from EM data. All About VLAD. Scalable k-NN graph construction for visual descriptors. Human brain labeling using image similarities. From label fusion to correspondence fusion: A new approach to unbiased groupwise registration. Enriching Texture Analysis with Semantic Data. A theory of phase-sensitive rotation invariance with spherical harmonic and moment-based representations. Tensor-Based High-Order Semantic Relation Transfer for Semantic Scene Segmentation. Seeing double without confusion: Structure-from-motion in highly ambiguous scenes. Line drawing interpretation in a multi-view context. A line-structure-preserving approach to image resizing. Image retrieval via probabilistic hypergraph ranking. A game-theoretic approach to deformable shape matching. Robust Canonical Time Warping for the Alignment of Grossly Corrupted Sequences. Learning image representations from the pixel level via hierarchical sparse coding. Automated annotation of coral reef survey images. Simultaneous feature learning and hash coding with deep neural networks. Separating Signal from Noise Using Patch Recurrence across Scales. A General and Simple Method for Camera Pose and Focal Length Determination. Contextual boost for pedestrian detection. Automatic discovery of meaningful object parts with latent CRFs. Better Shading for Better Shape Recovery. Towards Multi-view and Partially-Occluded Face Alignment. Hello neighbor: Accurate object retrieval with k-reciprocal nearest neighbors. A Convex Relaxation of the Ambrosio-Tortorelli Elliptic Functionals for the Mumford-Shah Functional. Efficient piecewise learning for conditional random fields. Parallel and distributed graph cuts by dual decomposition. Learning non-local range Markov Random field for image restoration. Shape, albedo, and illumination from a single image of an unknown object. Revisiting Depth Layers from Occlusions. Jointly learning heterogeneous features for RGB-D activity recognition. The role of image understanding in contour detection. Online Robust Dictionary Learning. Multilabel Ranking with Inconsistent Rankers. 3D motion reconstruction for real-world camera motion. Wavelet belief propagation for large scale inference problems. Shared parts for deformable part-based models. Show and tell: A neural image caption generator. Exploring Implicit Image Statistics for Visual Representativeness Modeling. Learning Everything about Anything: Webly-Supervised Visual Concept Learning. P-N learning: Bootstrapping binary classifiers by structural constraints. From region similarity to category discovery. Composite Statistical Inference for Semantic Segmentation. Topologically-robust 3D shape matching based on diffusion geometry and seed growing. Diversity-induced Multi-view Subspace Clustering. Efficient sparse-to-dense optical flow estimation using a learned basis and layers. Leveraging Hierarchical Parametric Networks for Skeletal Joints Based Action Segmentation and Recognition. The Random Cluster Model for robust geometric fitting. Axial light field for curved mirrors: Reflect your perspective, widen your view. The Secrets of Salient Object Segmentation. Object proposal by multi-branch hierarchical segmentation. A generative perspective on MRFs in low-level vision. Integrated pedestrian classification and orientation estimation. Live dense reconstruction with a single moving camera. Fusing Robust Face Region Descriptors via Multiple Metric Learning for Face Recognition in the Wild. Face alignment by Explicit Shape Regression. Collaborative Hashing. FAUST: Dataset and Evaluation for 3D Mesh Registration. Robust sparse coding for face recognition. Fantope Regularization in Metric Learning. Real time motion capture using a single time-of-flight camera. Learning a probabilistic model mixing 3D and 2D primitives for view invariant object recognition. Blur Processing Using Double Discrete Wavelet Transform. What is an object? Sparse representation using nonnegative curds and whey. Local isomorphism to solve the pre-image problem in kernel methods. Heterogeneous Visual Features Fusion via Sparse Multimodal Machine. Supervised hypergraph labeling. Heat-mapping: A robust approach toward perceptually consistent mesh segmentation. Efficient Action Localization with Approximately Normalized Fisher Vectors. COSTA: Co-Occurrence Statistics for Zero-Shot Classification. Hybrid generative-discriminative classification using posterior divergence. Transferring a generic pedestrian detector towards specific scenes. Measuring Distance between Unordered Sets of Different Sizes. Multi-view latent variable discriminative models for action recognition. Spectral Clustering with Jensen-Type Kernels and Their Multi-point Extensions. Nonlinear camera response functions and image deblurring. Regression-based label fusion for multi-atlas segmentation. Deep correlation for matching images and text. Robust visual domain adaptation with low-rank reconstruction. Probabilistic models for supervised dictionary learning. Adaptive figure-ground classification. Adaptive Partial Differential Equation Learning for Visual Saliency Detection. Human Pose Estimation Using Body Parts Dependent Joint Regressors. Connecting the dots in multi-class classification: From nearest subspace to collaborative representation. Uncalibrated Photometric Stereo for Unknown Isotropic Reflectances. Blind Image Quality Assessment Using Semi-supervised Rectifier Networks. Fully Automated Non-rigid Segmentation with Distance Regularized Level Set Evolution Initialized and Constrained by Deep-Structured Inference. Learning Fine-Grained Image Similarity with Deep Ranking. Sparsity-based image denoising via dictionary learning and structural clustering. Higher-Order Clique Reduction without Auxiliary Variables. Word Channel Based Multiscale Pedestrian Detection without Image Resizing and Using Only One Classifier. Matrix completion for resolving label ambiguity. A novel Markov random field based deformable model for face recognition. Real-time vehicle global localisation with a single camera in dense urban areas: Exploitation of coarse 3D city models. "Knock! Knock! Who is it?" probabilistic person identification in TV-series. Fine-grained visual categorization via multi-stage metric learning. Projective alignment of range and parallax data. Shrink boost for selecting multi-LBP histogram features in object detection. Efficient track linking methods for track graphs using network-flow and set-cover techniques. Keypoints from Symmetries by Wave Propagation. Egomotion using assorted features. Three Guidelines of Online Learning for Large-Scale Visual Recognition. Discriminative Non-blind Deblurring. Multiobject tracking as maximum weight independent set. Spike train driven dynamical models for human actions. MAP-MRF inference based on extended junction tree representation. Who are you with and where are you going? Texture Enhanced Image Denoising via Gradient Histogram Preservation. Learning hierarchical similarity metrics. Measuring Crowd Collectiveness. Rotating your face using multi-task deep neural network. Robust Surface Reconstruction via Triple Sparsity. Topic Modeling of Multimodal Data: An Autoregressive Approach. Removal of 3D facial expressions: A learning-based approach. Minimum Uncertainty Gap for Robust Visual Tracking. Error-Tolerant Scribbles Based Interactive Image Segmentation. Generalized Pupil-centric Imaging and Analytical Calibration for a Non-frontal Camera. Graph-Based Optimization with Tubularity Markov Tree for 3D Vessel Segmentation. Timing-Based Local Descriptor for Dynamic Surfaces. Weakly Supervised Learning for Attribute Localization in Outdoor Scenes. Efficient object detection using cascades of nearest convex model classifiers. Generalized simultaneous registration and segmentation. Scene labeling with LSTM recurrent neural networks. Geometric understanding of point clouds using Laplace-Beltrami operator. Learning to recognize objects in egocentric activities. Kernel Methods on the Riemannian Manifold of Symmetric Positive Definite Matrices. Fixation bank: Learning to reweight fixation candidates. Real time head pose estimation with random regression forests. Novel Methods for Multilinear Data Completion and De-noising Based on Tensor-SVD. Clique-graph matching by preserving global & local structure. Fast action proposals for human action detection and search. Ranking and retrieval of image sequences from multiple paragraph queries. Virtual view networks for object reconstruction. Semi-supervised learning with explicit relationship regularization. Accurate and Robust Registration of Nonrigid Surface Using Hierarchical Statistical Shape Model. Boundary preserving dense local regions. Cross-View Image Geolocalization. Superedge grouping for object localization by combining appearance and shape information. Parsing Videos of Actions with Segmental Grammars. Patch to the Future: Unsupervised Visual Prediction. Glare encoding of high dynamic range images. Multi-objective convolutional learning for face labeling. A Comparative Study of Modern Inference Techniques for Discrete Energy Minimization Problems. Structure-from-motion based hand-eye calibration using L∞ minimization. Modeling the joint density of two images under a variety of transformations. Learning to Group Objects. Cascaded L1-norm Minimization Learning (CLML) classifier for human detection. Computationally Efficient Regression on a Dependency Graph for Human Pose Estimation. Recovering free space of indoor scenes from a single image. Similarity learning on an explicit polynomial kernel feature map for person re-identification. Landmark/image-based deformable registration of gene expression data. Megastereo: Constructing High-Resolution Stereo Panoramas. Detecting Objects Using Deformation Dictionaries. Practical low-rank matrix approximation under robust L1-norm. A solution for multi-alignment by transformation synchronisation. Reconstructing the world* in six days. Globally optimal hand-eye calibration. Scenario-based video event recognition by constraint flow. Improving Semantic Concept Detection through the Dictionary of Visually-Distinct Elements. Multi-task warped Gaussian process for personalized age estimation. Decomposing and regularizing sparse/non-sparse components for motion field estimation. Efficient joint 2D and 3D palmprint matching with alignment refinement. Unsupervised One-Class Learning for Automatic Outlier Removal. GPCA with denoising: A moments-based convex approach. Improving multi-target tracking via social grouping. Efficient Nonlinear Markov Models for Human Motion. Spatio-temporal motion tracking with unsynchronized cameras. On the design of robust classifiers for computer vision. Multi-view structure computation without explicitly estimating motion. Compressive depth map acquisition using a single photon-counting detector: Parametric signal processing meets sparsity. Deformable Registration of Feature-Endowed Point Sets Based on Tensor Fields. Global temporal registration of multiple non-rigid surface sequences. Segmentation-Aware Deformable Part Models. Feedforward semantic segmentation with zoom-out features. SPEC hashing: Similarity preserving algorithm for entropy-based coding. Action unit detection with segment-based SVMs. Reconstructing an image from its local descriptors. Towards a practical lipreading system. Visual recognition using mappings that replicate margins. Deep transfer metric learning. Structure Preserving Object Tracking. Watching Unlabeled Video Helps Learn New Human Actions from Very Few Labeled Snapshots. Regenerative morphing. Towards Pose Robust Face Recognition. Moving vistas: Exploiting motion for describing scenes. Robust late fusion with rank minimization. Real-time joint estimation of camera orientation and vanishing points. Efficiently selecting regions for scene understanding. Learning Important Spatial Pooling Regions for Scene Classification. Harvesting large-scale weakly-tagged image databases from the web. Salient object detection for searched web images via global saliency. A closed form solution to robust subspace estimation and clustering. Evaluation of Scan-Line Optimization for 3D Medical Image Registration. Finding the Subspace Mean or Median to Fit Your Need. Decorrelated Vectorial Total Variation. Fast and flexible convolutional sparse coding. Weighted color and texture sample selection for image matting. Semantic part segmentation using compositional model combining shape and appearance. Globally optimal line clustering and vanishing point estimation in Manhattan world. Many-to-one contour matching for describing and discriminating object shape. The magic sigma. Sparse Subspace Denoising for Image Manifolds. Nonparametric Scene Parsing with Adaptive Feature Relevance and Semantic Context. Similarity Comparisons for Interactive Fine-Grained Categorization. Dynamic surface matching by geodesic mapping for 3D animation transfer. 3D ShapeNets: A deep representation for volumetric shapes. DeepEdge: A multi-scale bifurcated deep network for top-down contour detection. Power SVM: Generalization with exemplar classification uncertainty. Fine-Grained Visual Comparisons with Local Learning. Curvature-based regularization for surface approximation. Group action induced distances for averaging and clustering Linear Dynamical Systems with applications to the analysis of dynamic scenes. 3D Constrained Local Model for rigid and non-rigid facial tracking. Motion-Depth: RGB-D Depth Map Enhancement with Motion and Depth in Complement. On analyzing video with very small motions. Talking Heads: Detecting Humans and Recognizing Their Interactions. Exploiting Monge structures in optimum subwindow search. Beyond Human Opinion Scores: Blind Image Quality Assessment Based on Synthetic Scores. Probabilistic Labeling Cost for High-Accuracy Multi-view Reconstruction. A hierarchical conditional random field model for labeling and segmenting images of street scenes. Distributed computer vision algorithms through distributed averaging. High performance object detection by collaborative learning of Joint Ranking of Granules features. Evaluation of output embeddings for fine-grained image classification. Color Transfer Using Probabilistic Moving Least Squares. Fast axis estimation from a segment of rotationally symmetric object. SALICON: Saliency in Context. GRSA: Generalized range swap algorithm for the efficient optimization of MRFs. Finding Things: Image Parsing with Regions and Per-Exemplar Detectors. Learning shift-invariant sparse representation of actions. Learning-based hypothesis fusion for robust catheter tracking in 2D X-ray fluoroscopy. A novel supervised level set method for non-rigid object tracking. Bidirectional relighting for 3D-aided 2D face recognition. Label Propagation from ImageNet to 3D Point Clouds. Region-Based Particle Filter for Video Object Segmentation. Efficient region search for object detection. On-line semi-supervised multiple-instance boosting. A Statistical Model for Recreational Trails in Aerial Images. Going deeper with convolutions. Fast global optimization of curvature. StoryGraphs: Visualizing Character Interactions as a Timeline. Appearance-based gaze estimation in the wild. An online learned CRF model for multi-target tracking. TVSum: Summarizing web videos using titles. Robust Discriminative Response Map Fitting with Constrained Local Models. Metric imitation by manifold transfer for efficient vision applications. Temporal causality for the analysis of visual events. ActivityNet: A large-scale video benchmark for human activity understanding. Discriminative virtual views for cross-view action recognition. Fast and robust hand tracking using detection-guided optimization. Grasp type revisited: A modern perspective on a classical feature for vision. Occlusion Coherence: Localizing Occluded Faces with a Hierarchical Deformable Part Model. Learning weights for codebook in image classification and retrieval. RALF: A reinforced active learning formulation for object class recognition. Learning to segment moving objects in videos. Modulation transfer function of patch-based stereo systems. Action recognition with multiscale spatio-temporal contexts. Learning to segment dense cell nuclei with shape prior. Learning Collections of Part Models for Object Recognition. Growing semantically meaningful models for visual SLAM. FasT-Match: Fast Affine Template Matching. Locally Orderless Tracking. Bundled depth-map merging for multi-view stereo. Video summarization by learning submodular mixtures of objectives. Modelling composite shapes by Gibbs random fields. Optimal Decisions from Probabilistic Models: The Intersection-over-Union Case. Learning to detect Motion Boundaries. Semantic object segmentation via detection in weakly labeled video. The application of two-level attention models in deep convolutional neural network for fine-grained image classification. Globally consistent depth labeling of 4D light fields. An Iterated L1 Algorithm for Non-smooth Non-convex Optimization in Computer Vision. Global contrast based salient region detection. Self Scaled Regularized Robust Regression. Weakly supervised localization of novel objects using appearance transfer. Harry Potter's Marauder's Map: Localizing and Tracking Multiple Persons-of-Interest by Nonnegative Discretization. Are sparse representations really relevant for image classification? Progressive graph matching: Making a move of graphs via probabilistic voting. Group MRF for fMRI activation detection. Graph cut segmentation with a global constraint: Recovering region distribution via a bound of the Bhattacharyya measure. Unified Real-Time Tracking and Recognition with Rotation-Invariant Fast Features. Sasaki metrics for analysis of longitudinal data on manifolds. Factorization towards a classifier. Global refinement of random forest. Shape from Silhouette Probability Maps: Reconstruction of Thin Objects in the Presence of Silhouette Extraction and Calibration Error. Metric-induced optimal embedding for intrinsic 3D shape analysis. Improving an Object Detector and Extracting Regions Using Superpixels. Feature guided motion artifact reduction with structure-awareness in 4D CT images. Collaborative personalization of image enhancement. Boundary Detection Benchmarking: Beyond F-Measures. Deepshape: Deep learned shape descriptor for 3D shape matching and retrieval. Parsing Occluded People. Noise resistant graph ranking for improved web image search. Latent Dictionary Learning for Sparse Representation Based Classification. Fast algorithms for structured robust principal component analysis. Estimating camera pose from a single urban ground-view omnidirectional image and a 2D building outline map. Visual tracking via adaptive structural local sparse appearance model. Beta Process Joint Dictionary Learning for Coupled Feature Spaces with Application to Single Image Super-Resolution. From image-level to pixel-level labeling with Convolutional Networks. Least squares surface reconstruction from gradients: Direct algebraic methods with spectral, Tikhonov, and constrained regularization. Efficient 2D-to-3D Correspondence Filtering for Scalable 3D Object Recognition. Fast and Accurate Image Matching with Cascade Hashing for 3D Reconstruction. Video co-summarization: Video summarization by visual co-occurrence. Capturing Layers in Image Collections with Componential Models: From the Layered Epitome to the Componential Counting Grid. Single image super-resolution from transformed self-exemplars. A new convexity measurement for 3D meshes. Facial Feature Tracking Under Varying Facial Expressions and Face Poses Based on Restricted Boltzmann Machines. Ray Markov Random Fields for image-based 3D modeling: Model and efficient inference. Data-driven sparsity-based restoration of JPEG-compressed images in dual transform-pixel domain. Unsupervised Simultaneous Orthogonal basis Clustering Feature Selection. Model globally, match locally: Efficient and robust 3D object recognition. Fast Trust Region for Segmentation. Salient coding for image classification. Shape driven kernel adaptation in Convolutional Neural Network for robust facial trait recognition. Scene-Independent Group Profiling in Crowd. A coarse-to-fine model for 3D pose estimation and sub-category recognition. Unsupervised random forest indexing for fast action search. Learning for Structured Prediction Using Approximate Subgradient Descent with Working Sets. Hierarchical sparse coding with geometric prior for visual geo-location. Packing and Padding: Coupled Multi-index for Accurate Image Retrieval. Denoising vs. deblurring: HDR imaging techniques using moving cameras. Learning image Vicept description via mixed-norm regularization for large scale semantic image search. Online environment mapping. Exploiting nonlocal spatiotemporal structure for video segmentation. Efficient High-Resolution Stereo Matching Using Local Plane Sweeps. 3D Shape correspondence by isometry-driven greedy optimization. Non-uniform deblurring for shaken images. A shape-driven MRF model for the segmentation of organs in medical images. A Linear Approach to Matching Cuboids in RGBD Images. Face detection, pose estimation, and landmark localization in the wild. Motion fields to predict play evolution in dynamic sport scenes. A New Model and Simple Algorithms for Multi-label Mumford-Shah Problems. 3D curve sketch: Flexible curve-based stereo reconstruction and calibration. Multi-agent Event Detection: Localization and Role Assignment. Fully-Connected CRFs with Non-Parametric Pairwise Potential. An analysis of using high-frequency sinusoidal illumination to measure the 3D shape of translucent objects. Multi-shot Imaging: Joint Alignment, Deblurring, and Resolution-Enhancement. Subspace Tracking under Dynamic Dimensionality for Online Background Subtraction. Parallax-Tolerant Image Stitching. Linear solution to scale invariant global figure ground separation. Distance Encoded Product Quantization. A novel parametrization of the perspective-three-point problem for a direct computation of absolute camera position and orientation. A regularized spectral algorithm for Hidden Markov Models with applications in computer vision. Noising versus Smoothing for Vertex Identification in Unknown Shapes. Traditional saliency reloaded: A good old model in new shape. A global sampling method for alpha matting. Image partitioning into convex polygons. Seeing 3D Chairs: Exemplar Part-Based 2D-3D Alignment Using a Large Dataset of CAD Models. Beyond spatial pyramids: Receptive field learning for pooled image features. Person re-identification by Local Maximal Occurrence representation and metric learning. Multi-class object localization by combining local contextual interactions. Histograms of Pattern Sets for Image Classification and Object Recognition. Sign Spotting Using Hierarchical Sequential Patterns with Temporal Intervals. Estimating Motion and size of moving non-line-of-sight objects in cluttered environments. Constructing Robust Affinity Graphs for Spectral Clustering. Generalized Tensor Total Variation minimization for visual data recovery? Light Field Stereo Matching Using Bilateral Statistics of Surface Cameras. Discriminative Hierarchical Modeling of Spatio-temporally Composable Human Activities. Spatial Inference Machines. Edgel index for large-scale sketch-based image search. Multi-level Discriminative Dictionary Learning towards Hierarchical Visual Categorization. Multiple instance learning for soft bags via top instances. Compact hashing with joint optimization of search accuracy and time. Statistical inference models for image datasets with systematic variations. Geometric ℓp-norm feature pooling for image classification. Shape-Preserving Half-Projective Warps for Image Stitching. Mixing Body-Part Sequences for Human Pose Estimation. Reconstructing Evolving Tree Structures in Time Lapse Sequences. Hallucinated Humans as the Hidden Context for Labeling 3D Scenes. 3D shape scanning with a time-of-flight camera. Compression of surface registrations using Beltrami coefficients. Optical Flow Estimation Using Laplacian Mesh Energy. Can humans fly? Action understanding with multiple classes of actors. Multiple object detection by sequential monte carlo and Hierarchical Detection Network. Co-saliency detection via looking deep and wide. On template-based reconstruction from a single view: Analytical solutions and proofs of well-posedness for developable, isometric and conformal surfaces. Efficient globally optimal consensus maximisation with tree search. Action recognition with trajectory-pooled deep-convolutional descriptors. Representing Videos Using Mid-level Discriminative Patches. Clustering of static-adaptive correspondences for deformable object tracking. Manifold guided composite of Markov random fields for image modeling. 24/7 place recognition by view synthesis. Unsupervised Spectral Dual Assignment Clustering of Human Actions in Context. Action recognition using context and appearance distribution features. MODEC: Multimodal Decomposable Models for Human Pose Estimation. Depth from focus with your mobile phone. Understanding deep image representations by inverting them. Global optimization for optimal generalized procrustes analysis. Multiple Granularity Analysis for Fine-Grained Action Detection. Good Vibrations: A Modal Analysis Approach for Sequential Non-rigid Structure from Motion. Making minimal solvers fast. Improving the efficiency of hierarchical structure-and-motion. Compressible Motion Fields. Learning object color models from multi-view constraints. Shape from specular flow: Is one flow enough? Latent hierarchical structural learning for object detection. Robust Separation of Reflection from Multiple Images. A graphical model approach for matching partial signatures. Automatic photo-to-terrain alignment for the annotation of mountain pictures. In Defense of Sparsity Based Face Recognition. Inertial sensor-aligned visual feature descriptors. Sparsity model for robust optical flow estimation at motion discontinuities. Evaluating combinational color constancy methods on real-world images. Adaptive and discriminative metric differential tracking. A Convex Regularize for Reducing Color Artifact in Color Image Recovery. Tag localization with spatial correlations and joint group sparsity. Expanding object detector's Horizon: Incremental learning framework for object detection in videos. Augmenting deformable part models with irregular-shaped object patches. General trajectory prior for Non-Rigid reconstruction. Protecting against screenshots: An image processing approach. Intra-frame deblurring by leveraging inter-frame camera motion. Confidence-Rated Multiple Instance Boosting for Object Detection. Adaptive generic learning for face recognition from a single sample per person. Image restoration and disparity estimation from an uncalibrated multi-layered image. Product Sparse Coding. Efficient SDP inference for fully-connected CRFs based on low-rank decomposition. Multiple clustered instance learning for histopathology cancer image classification, segmentation and clustering. Model-based respiratory motion compensation for image-guided cardiac interventions. Improving web image search results using query-relative classifiers. Sparse image representation with epitomes. Deconvolutional networks. Refinement of digital elevation models from shadowing cues. Learning Mid-level Filters for Person Re-identification. Image sets alignment for Video-Based Face Recognition. Information Consensus for Distributed Multi-target Tracking. Discriminative Deep Metric Learning for Face Verification in the Wild. SOLD: Sub-optimal low-rank decomposition for efficient video segmentation. A theory of multi-layer flat refractive geometry. A fast algorithm for elastic shape distances between closed planar curves. A coarse-to-fine approach for fast deformable object detection. Deep multiple instance learning for image classification and auto-annotation. A Sentence Is Worth a Thousand Pixels. Finding nemo: Deformable object class modelling using curve matching. Sufficient dimension reduction for visual sequence classification. Dense interest points. Modeling video evolution for action recognition. Deep Learning Face Representation from Predicting 10, 000 Classes. A Dynamic Convolutional Layer for short rangeweather prediction. Graph Transduction Learning with Connectivity Constraints with Application to Multiple Foreground Cosegmentation. Monocular SLAM with locally planar landmarks via geometric rao-blackwellized particle filtering on Lie groups. Calibration-free gaze sensing using saliency maps. Subgraph decomposition for multi-target tracking. A Mixture of Manhattan Frames: Beyond the Manhattan World. An extension of multifactor analysis for face recognition based on submanifold learning. Separating objects and clutter in indoor scenes. Latent Regression Forest: Structured Estimation of 3D Articulated Hand Posture. Social saliency prediction. Visual Tracking Using Pertinent Patch Selection and Masking. Stacked Progressive Auto-Encoders (SPAE) for Face Recognition Across Poses. Matrix-Similarity Based Loss Function and Feature Selection for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis. Line-based relative pose estimation. Holistic 3D scene understanding from a single geo-tagged image. Object Classification with Adaptable Regions. Tracking 3D human pose with large root node uncertainty. Dynamic texture recognition based on distributions of spacetime oriented structure. Sense discovery via co-clustering on images and text. A Lazy Man's Approach to Benchmarking: Semisupervised Classifier Evaluation and Recalibration. Combining attributes and Fisher vectors for efficient image retrieval. Look at the Driver, Look at the Road: No Distraction! No Accident! Globally-optimal greedy algorithms for tracking a variable number of objects. Sign Language Recognition using Sequential Pattern Trees. ℓ0TV: A new method for image restoration in the presence of impulse noise. Are we ready for autonomous driving? The KITTI vision benchmark suite. Heteroscedastic max-min distance analysis. The Episolar Constraint: Monocular Shape from Shadow Correspondence. Structured Local Predictors for image labelling. Search strategies for multiple landmark detection by submodular maximization. Unsupervised learning of invariant features using video. Fast, Approximate Piecewise-Planar Modeling Based on Sparse Structure-from-Motion and Superpixels. Constructing image panoramas using dual-homography warping. Scene classification with semantic Fisher vectors. Single-View 3D Scene Parsing by Attributed Grammar. Towards Fast and Accurate Segmentation. Encoding based saliency detection for videos and images. Semantic segmentation using regions and parts. Efficient Computation of Relative Pose for Multi-camera Systems. Image collection summarization via dictionary learning for sparse representation. UniHIST: A unified framework for image restoration with marginal histogram constraints. Beyond short snippets: Deep networks for video classification. Graph embedding discriminant analysis on Grassmannian manifolds for improved image set matching. A non-convex relaxation approach to sparse dictionary learning. Finding Group Interactions in Social Clutter. Tracking People and Their Objects. l2, 1 Regularized correntropy for robust feature selection. Self-Paced Learning for Long-Term Tracking. Semi-supervised Node Splitting for Random Forest Construction. It's Not Polite to Point: Describing People with Uncertain Attributes. A hierarchical image clustering cosegmentation framework. Fast image alignment in the Fourier domain. Visual tracking via incremental self-tuning particle filtering on the affine group. Cross-view activity recognition using Hankelets. Bilinear heterogeneous information machine for RGB-D action recognition. The treasure beneath convolutional layers: Cross-convolutional-layer pooling for image classification. SCaLE: Supervised and Cascaded Laplacian Eigenmaps for Visual Object Recognition Based on Nearest Neighbors. Salient Region Detection via High-Dimensional Color Transform. HDR Deghosting: How to Deal with Saturation? Maximum Persistency in Energy Minimization. Mining semantic affordances of visual object categories. Heterogeneous Conditional Random Field: Realizing joint detection and segmentation of cell regions in microscopic images. Range-Sample Depth Feature for Action Recognition. Reflectance hashing for material recognition. Authority-shift clustering: Hierarchical clustering by authority seeking on graphs. Vantage Feature Frames for Fine-Grained Categorization. High resolution multispectral video capture with a hybrid camera system. Finding dots: Segmentation as popping out regions from boundaries. Learning hierarchical representations for face verification with convolutional deep belief networks. Outlier removal using duality. One Millisecond Face Alignment with an Ensemble of Regression Trees. A weighted sparse coding framework for saliency detection. Understanding Objects in Detail with Fine-Grained Attributes. Finding distractors in images. Dense Lagrangian motion estimation with occlusions. Motion denoising with application to time-lapse photography. Active learning for structured probabilistic models with histogram approximation. Learning a discriminative dictionary for sparse coding via label consistent K-SVD. Fast Approximate Inference in Higher Order MRF-MAP Labeling Problems. A large-scale car dataset for fine-grained categorization and verification. Multi-class Video Co-segmentation with a Generative Multi-video Model. Super Normal Vector for Activity Recognition Using Depth Sequences. Exploring relations of visual codes for image classification. Sparse concept coding for visual analysis. Beyond Physical Connections: Tree Models in Human Pose Estimation. Augmenting CRFs with Boltzmann Machine Shape Priors for Image Labeling. Abrupt motion tracking via adaptive stochastic approximation Monte Carlo sampling. Describing Textures in the Wild. Spherical embedding of inlier silhouette dissimilarities. A codebook-free and annotation-free approach for fine-grained image categorization. Continuous Visibility Feature. Robust discriminative wire structure modeling with application to stent enhancement in fluoroscopy. User-Specific Hand Modeling from Monocular Depth Sequences. Towards cross-category knowledge propagation for learning visual concepts. Efficient online structured output learning for keypoint-based object tracking. Speeding Up Tracking by Ignoring Features. Superpixel-based video object segmentation using perceptual organization and location prior. Multi-target tracking by continuous energy minimization. Variational segmentation of elongated volumetric structures. Transferring a semantic representation for person re-identification and search. Best-Buddies Similarity for robust template matching. GMMCP tracker: Globally optimal Generalized Maximum Multi Clique problem for multiple object tracking. Query Adaptive Similarity for Large Scale Object Retrieval. Symmetry-based text line detection in natural scenes. Reconstruction of super-resolution lung 4D-CT using patch-based sparse representation. Nonlinear shape manifolds as shape priors in level set segmentation and tracking. Probabilistic 3D occupancy flow with latent silhouette cues. 3D model based vehicle classification in aerial imagery. Evaluation of super-voxel methods for early video processing. Photometric Ambient Occlusion. Learning Inhomogeneous FRAME Models for Object Patterns. Relative Parts: Distinctive Parts for Learning Relative Attributes. Enhancing underwater images and videos by fusion. High-precision localization using visual landmarks fused with range data. A Novel Chamfer Template Matching Method Using Variational Mean Field. Action bank: A high-level representation of activity in video. Memory constrained face recognition. Category Modeling from Just a Single Labeling: Use Depth Information to Guide the Learning of 2D Models. Pushing the envelope of modern methods for bundle adjustment. A study on continuous max-flow and min-cut approaches. Translation symmetry detection in a fronto-parallel view. Transfer Sparse Coding for Robust Image Representation. Human Pose Estimation Using a Joint Pixel-wise and Part-wise Formulation. Selective Transfer Machine for Personalized Facial Action Unit Detection. Image atlas construction via intrinsic averaging on the manifold of images. Beat the MTurkers: Automatic Image Labeling from Weak 3D Supervision. Semi-supervised Learning with Constraints for Person Identification in Multimedia Data. Generalized Max Pooling. Hierarchical-PEP model for real-world face recognition. PANDA: Pose Aligned Networks for Deep Attribute Modeling. 3D Modeling from Wide Baseline Range Scans Using Contour Coherence. Active attentional sampling for speed-up of background subtraction. A data driven method for feature transformation. Efficient activity detection with max-subgraph search. A pattern framework driven by the Hamming distance for structured light-based reconstruction with a single image. Predicting image matching using affine distortion models. Symmetry-Aware Nonrigid Matching of Incomplete 3D Surfaces. Hyper-graph matching via reweighted random walks. Stable multi-target tracking in real-time surveillance video. Optimizing over Radial Kernels on Compact Manifolds. Comparative object similarity for improved recognition with few or no examples. Active learning and discovery of object categories in the presence of unnameable instances. Sensing and Recognizing Surface Textures Using a GelSight Sensor. Total recall II: Query expansion revisited. Robust stereo with flash and no-flash image pairs. Geometric Generative Gaze Estimation (G3E) for Remote RGB-D Cameras. An effective document image deblurring algorithm. Robust Estimation of 3D Human Poses from a Single Image. SUN database: Large-scale scene recognition from abbey to zoo. Finding Vanishing Points via Point Alignments in Image Primal and Dual Domains. Target Identity-aware Network Flow for online multiple target tracking. Real-time image-based 6-DOF localization in large-scale environments. Generating sharp panoramas from motion-blurred videos. Topic regression multi-modal Latent Dirichlet Allocation for image annotation. Maximum persistency via iterative relaxed inference with graphical models. Fisher vectors meet Neural Networks: A hybrid classification architecture. Learning Video Saliency from Human Gaze Using Candidate Selection. A non-local cost aggregation method for stereo matching. Parsing occluded people by flexible compositions. Correlation filters with limited boundaries. Sign ambiguity resolution for phase demodulation in interferometry with application to prelens tear film analysis. Omni-range spatial contexts for visual classification. Figure-ground segmentation improves handled object recognition in egocentric video. New insights into Laplacian similarity search. Learning photographic global tonal adjustment with a database of input / output image pairs. Weak attributes for large-scale image retrieval. Cross-scene crowd counting via deep convolutional neural networks. Learning a convolutional neural network for non-uniform motion blur removal. L0 Regularized Stationary Time Estimation for Crowd Group Analysis. Image saliency: From intrinsic to extrinsic context. In defense of color-based model-free tracking. Segment an image by looking into an image corpus. Submodular Object Recognition. Revisiting uncertainty in graph cut solutions. A low-dimensional step pattern analysis algorithm with application to multimodal retinal image registration. Relative Hidden Markov Models for Evaluating Motion Skill. Analyzing spatially-varying blur. Discriminative image warping with attribute flow. Unsupervised learning of translation invariant occlusive components. Simultaneous Twin Kernel Learning Using Polynomial Transformations for Structured Prediction. Video segmentation by tracing discontinuities in a trajectory embedding. Simultaneous surveillance camera calibration and foot-head homology estimation from human detections. Non-uniform Motion Deblurring for Bilayer Scenes. Irregular lattices for complex shape grammar facade parsing. Detecting and sketching the common. Making better use of edges via perceptual grouping. Tracking low resolution objects by metric preservation. Dictionary Learning from Ambiguously Labeled Data. Object-to-object color transfer: Optimal flows and SMSP transformations. Fast and Reliable Two-View Translation Estimation. Improving object proposals with multi-thresholding straddling expansion. Tracking the invisible: Learning where the object might be. Multifactor analysis based on factor-dependent geometry. Relative pose problem for non-overlapping surveillance cameras with known gravity vector. Functional correspondence by matrix completion. Saliency propagation from simple to difficult. Semantic context modeling with maximal margin Conditional Random Fields for automatic image annotation. The light-path less traveled. Learning coarse-to-fine sparselets for efficient object detection and scene classification. Bag of textons for image segmentation via soft clustering and convex shift. Deblurring Low-Light Images with Light Streaks. A Global Approach for the Detection of Vanishing Points and Mutually Orthogonal Vanishing Directions. Time-Mapping Using Space-Time Saliency. Recognizing scene viewpoint using panoramic place representation. Fast and Exact: ADMM-Based Discriminative Shape Segmentation with Loopy Part Models. A 3D extension to cortex like mechanisms for 3D object class recognition. Globally Consistent Multi-label Assignment on the Ray Space of 4D Light Fields. Blind optical aberration correction by exploring geometric and visual priors. Shape-based pedestrian parsing. Real-Time No-Reference Image Quality Assessment Based on Filter Learning. Actionable saliency detection: Independent motion detection without independent motion estimation. Vehicle detection and tracking in wide field-of-view aerial video. Learning lightness from human judgement on relative reflectance. Pyramid-Based Visual Tracking Using Sparsity Represented Mean Transform. Event Recognition in Videos by Learning from Heterogeneous Web Sources. Joint patch and multi-label learning for facial action unit detection. Large-Scale Optimization of Hierarchical Features for Saliency Prediction in Natural Images. Classification of Histology Sections via Multispectral Convolutional Sparse Coding. Correcting over-exposure in photographs. Submodularization for Binary Pairwise Energies. Universality of the Local Marginal Polytope. A global optimization approach to robust multi-model fitting. Time-to-contact from image intensity. Orientational Pyramid Matching for Recognizing Indoor Scenes. Minimum error bounded efficient ℓ1 tracker with occlusion detection. Probabilistic Graphlet Cut: Exploiting Spatial Structure Cue for Weakly Supervised Image Segmentation. Large Scale Multi-view Stereopsis Evaluation. What makes an image memorable? Saliency filters: Contrast based filtering for salient region detection. What makes a chair a chair? Adaptive Compressed Tomography Sensing. Object separation in x-ray image sets. Sum-product networks for modeling activities with stochastic structure. Generalized Gaussian process models. Joint multi-feature spatial context for scene recognition in the semantic manifold. Learning inter-related visual dictionary for object recognition. Video Editing with Temporal, Spatial and Appearance Consistency. Heterogeneous image feature integration via multi-modal spectral clustering. Intrinsic Scene Properties from a Single RGB-D Image. Disambiguating visual relations using loop constraints. Discriminative illumination: Per-pixel classification of raw materials based on optimal projections of spectral BRDF. Learning Hypergraph-regularized Attribute Predictors. Multiview constraints in frequency space and camera calibration from unsynchronized images. Aesthetic quality classification of photographs based on color harmony. Photometric stereo for outdoor webcams. Watch-n-patch: Unsupervised understanding of actions and relations. Multi-target Tracking with Motion Context in Tensor Power Iteration. VisKE: Visual knowledge extraction and question answering by visual verification of relation phrases. Fast search in Hamming space with multi-index hashing. Object stereo - Joint stereo matching and object segmentation. Affine-invariant, elastic shape analysis of planar contours. Unified graph matching in Euclidean spaces. Camera calibration with lens distortion from low-rank textures. Finite Element based sequential Bayesian Non-Rigid Structure from Motion. What do 15, 000 object categories tell us about classifying and localizing actions? A Primal-Dual Algorithm for Higher-Order Multilabel Markov Random Fields. Probabilistic Elastic Matching for Pose Variant Face Verification. Correspondence-Less Non-rigid Registration of Triangular Surface Meshes. Saliency Aggregation: A Data-Driven Approach. Local Fisher Discriminant Analysis for Pedestrian Re-identification. Robust visual tracking using autoregressive hidden Markov Model. An approximate shading model for object relighting. Simultaneous point matching and 3D deformable surface reconstruction. Socially-Aware Large-Scale Crowd Forecasting. Learning deep representations for ground-to-aerial geolocalization. Relative Volume Constraints for Single View 3D Reconstruction. Curriculum learning of multiple tasks. Online content-aware video condensation. Semi-supervised Coupled Dictionary Learning for Person Re-identification. Micro Phase Shifting. Learning structural element patch models with hierarchical palettes. Approximate nearest neighbor fields in video. MUlti-Store Tracker (MUSTer): A cognitive psychology inspired approach to object tracking. Regularizing max-margin exemplars by reconstruction and generative models. Fast sparse representation with prototypes. Towards good practice in large-scale learning for image classification. Super-resolving Noisy Images. Revisiting kernelized locality-sensitive hashing for improved large-scale image retrieval. Evaluation of stereo confidence indoors and outdoors. How does person identity recognition help multi-person tracking? VIP: Finding important people in images. RGB-(D) scene labeling: Features and algorithms. Pareto discriminant analysis. Automatic attribution of ancient Roman imperial coins. Adopting an unconstrained ray model in light-field cameras for 3D shape reconstruction. Saliency Detection on Light Field. What Makes a Patch Distinct? Proximate sensing: Inferring what-is-where from georeferenced photo collections. Expressive Visual Text-to-Speech Using Active Appearance Models. Completing 3D object shape from one depth image. Multi-cue pedestrian classification with partial occlusion handling. Non-negative low rank and sparse graph for semi-supervised learning. Articulated motion discovery using pairs of trajectories. Blessing of Dimensionality: High-Dimensional Feature and Its Efficient Compression for Face Verification. Figure-ground segmentation by transferring window masks. Learning to look up: Realtime monocular gaze correction using machine learning. Dirichlet process mixture models on symmetric positive definite matrices for appearance clustering in video surveillance applications. Multivariate General Linear Models (MGLM) on Riemannian Manifolds with Applications to Statistical Analysis of Diffusion Weighted Images. From Local Similarity to Global Coding: An Application to Image Classification. Realtime and Robust Hand Tracking from Depth. FAemb: A function approximation-based embedding method for image retrieval. Sensor saturation in Fourier multiplexed imaging. The S-HOCK dataset: Analyzing crowds at the stadium. Illumination and reflectance spectra separation of a hyperspectral image meets low-rank matrix factorization. Multilinear feature extraction and classification of multi-focal images, with applications in nematode taxonomy. Learning an object class representation on a continuous viewsphere. Single image multimaterial estimation. Representing 3D texture on mesh manifolds for retrieval and recognition applications. Adequate reconstruction of transparent objects on a shoestring budget. On dynamic scene geometry for view-invariant action matching. Maximum weight cliques with mutex constraints for video object segmentation. Unsupervised discovery of co-occurrence in sparse high dimensional data. Single Image Super-resolution Using Deformable Patches. (Unseen) event recognition via semantic compositionality. Reconstructing PASCAL VOC. Modeling Mutual Visibility Relationship in Pedestrian Detection. Video Classification Using Semantic Concept Co-occurrences. Fast matting using large kernel matting Laplacian matrices. Efficient label collection for unlabeled image datasets. Compact Representation for Image Classification: To Choose or to Compress? Iteratively reweighted graph cut for multi-label MRFs with non-convex priors. Mirror Surface Reconstruction from a Single Image. Multi-scale dictionary for single image super-resolution. Raw-to-Raw: Mapping between Image Sensor Color Responses. A probabilistic model for recursive factorized image features. Shape estimation in natural illumination. Identigram/watermark removal using cross-channel correlation. Improving state-of-the-art OCR through high-precision document-specific modeling. Towards Efficient and Exact MAP-Inference for Large Scale Discrete Computer Vision Problems via Combinatorial Optimization. Linearity of each channel pixel values from a surface in and out of shadows and its applications. Saliency Detection via Graph-Based Manifold Ranking. Bayesian Active Contours with Affine-Invariant, Elastic Shape Prior. Automated reconstruction of tree structures using path classifiers and Mixed Integer Programming. 3D Pictorial Structures for Multiple View Articulated Pose Estimation. Understanding Indoor Scenes Using 3D Geometric Phrases. Real-Time Model-Based Articulated Object Pose Detection and Tracking with Variable Rigidity Constraints. Calibrating Photometric Stereo by Holistic Reflectance Symmetry Analysis. Transformation-Invariant Convolutional Jungles. MRF optimization by graph approximation. Part-based multiple-person tracking with partial occlusion handling. Designing deep networks for surface normal estimation. A study on human age estimation under facial expression changes. Visibility Based Preconditioning for bundle adjustment. Exploiting uncertainty in regression forests for accurate camera relocalization. Face Recognition in Movie Trailers via Mean Sequence Sparse Representation-Based Classification. Auto face re-ranking by mining the web and video archives. Sketch-based 3D shape retrieval using Convolutional Neural Networks. Bringing Semantics into Focus Using Visual Abstraction. An object-dependent hand pose prior from sparse training data. Multi-label Generic Cuts: Optimal Inference in Multi-label Multi-clique MRF-MAP Problems. Triangulation made easy. Seeing through the blur. A new retraction for accelerating the Riemannian three-factor low-rank matrix completion algorithm. A multi-plane block-coordinate frank-wolfe algorithm for training structural SVMs with a costly max-oracle. Scale invariant cosegmentation for image groups. Weakly-supervised hashing in kernel space. Nonlocal matting. Learning Structured Hough Voting for Joint Object Detection and Occlusion Reasoning. 3D Pose from Motion for Cross-View Action Recognition via Non-linear Circulant Temporal Encoding. Kernel fusion for better image deblurring. A New Perspective on Uncalibrated Photometric Stereo. Novel 4-D Open-Curve Active Contour and curve completion approach for automated tree structure extraction. Efficient histogram-based sliding window. TaylorBoost: First and second-order boosting algorithms with explicit margin control. Interval Tracker: Tracking by Interval Analysis. Boosting bottom-up and top-down visual features for saliency estimation. A novel riemannian framework for shape analysis of 3D objects. Early burst detection for memory-efficient image retrieval. A linear least-squares solution to elastic Shape-from-Template. Quality-Based Multimodal Classification Using Tree-Structured Sparsity. Generalized Domain-Adaptive Dictionaries. Towards Contactless, Low-Cost and Accurate 3D Fingerprint Identification. Visual Persuasion: Inferring Communicative Intents of Images. Random field topic model for semantic region analysis in crowded scenes from tracklets. Context Driven Scene Parsing with Attention to Rare Classes. Globally optimal pixel labeling algorithms for tree metrics. Common visual pattern discovery via spatially coherent correspondences. Exploiting simple hierarchies for unsupervised human behavior analysis. Fast approximate k-means via cluster closures. Beyond frontal faces: Improving Person Recognition using multiple cues. Natural gradients for deformable registration. Frequency-Based 3D Reconstruction of Transparent and Specular Objects. On Projective Reconstruction in Arbitrary Dimensions. Bimodal gender recognition from face and fingerprint. Power mean SVM for large scale visual classification. Complex Non-rigid Motion 3D Reconstruction by Union of Subspaces. Minimum length in the tangent bundle as a model for curve completion. Towards force sensing from vision: Observing hand-object interactions to infer manipulation forces. A Divide-and-Conquer Method for Scalable Low-Rank Latent Matrix Pursuit. Reweighted laplace prior based hyperspectral compressive sensing for unknown sparsity. Learning a Manifold as an Atlas. Color attributes for object detection. Facial point detection using boosted regression and graph models. An eye for an eye: A single camera gaze-replacement method. Lacunarity Analysis on Image Patterns for Texture Classification. Partial Symmetry in Polynomial Systems and Its Applications in Computer Vision. Joint Depth Estimation and Camera Shake Removal from Single Blurry Image. Multi-image Blind Deblurring Using a Coupled Adaptive Sparse Prior. Bridging the past, present and future: Modeling scene activities from event relationships and global rules. 2D nonrigid partial shape matching using MCMC and contour subdivision. Internal statistics of a single natural image. Accurate Localization of 3D Objects from RGB-D Data Using Segmentation Hypotheses. Low-level vision by consensus in a spatial hierarchy of regions. Optimizing Average Precision Using Weakly Supervised Data. Learning the easy things first: Self-paced visual category discovery. The inverted multi-index. Merging SVMs with Linear Discriminant Analysis: A Combined Model. Eye tracking assisted extraction of attentionally important objects from videos. Leveraging stereo matching with learning-based confidence measures. Scalable active matching. Detecting regions of interest in dynamic scenes with camera motions. Robust Feature Matching with Alternate Hough and Inverted Hough Transforms. Efficient Object Detection and Segmentation for Fine-Grained Recognition. Nonparametric higher-order learning for interactive segmentation. Estimating optical properties of layered surfaces using the spider model. From Pictorial Structures to deformable structures. From single image query to detailed 3D reconstruction. Learning and Transferring Mid-level Image Representations Using Convolutional Neural Networks. Automatic Feature Learning for Robust Shadow Detection. Rent3D: Floor-plan priors for monocular layout estimation. Video magnification in presence of large motions. SCAMS: Simultaneous Clustering and Model Selection. SUN RGB-D: A RGB-D scene understanding benchmark suite. Image-Based Synthesis and Re-synthesis of Viewpoints Guided by 3D Models. A Study on Cross-Population Age Estimation. Temporal Segmentation of Egocentric Videos. Object matching with a locally affine-invariant constraint. Towards Internet-scale multi-view stereo. A unified framework for locating and recognizing human actions. Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation with Subspace Learning for visual recognition. Tracking Indistinguishable Translucent Objects over Time Using Weakly Supervised Structured Learning. Towards unified depth and semantic prediction from a single image. A Non-parametric Framework for Document Bleed-through Removal. Gesture recognition by learning local motion signatures. Multi-task Sparse Learning with Beta Process Prior for Action Recognition. Nonnegative sparse coding for discriminative semi-supervised learning. Intrinsic Characterization of Dynamic Surfaces. Shrinkage Fields for Effective Image Restoration. Interactive object detection. Aliasing Detection and Reduction in Plenoptic Imaging. Robust Non-negative Graph Embedding: Towards noisy data, unreliable graphs, and noisy labels. Cumulative Attribute Space for Age and Crowd Density Estimation. Multi-layer group sparse coding - For concurrent image classification and annotation. Burst deblurring: Removing camera shake through fourier burst accumulation. The Photometry of Intrinsic Images. EgoSampling: Fast-forward and stereo for egocentric videos. Weakly supervised semantic segmentation for social images. Detecting and Aligning Faces by Image Retrieval. Modelling and correction of multipath interference in time of flight cameras. Casual stereoscopic panorama stitching. Subspace Interpolation via Dictionary Learning for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation. Attributed Graph Mining and Matching: An Attempt to Define and Extract Soft Attributed Patterns. Extracting and locating temporal motifs in video scenes using a hierarchical non parametric Bayesian model. Sparse representation for face recognition based on discriminative low-rank dictionary learning. Line matching leveraged by point correspondences. PISA: Pixelwise Image Saliency by Aggregating Complementary Appearance Contrast Measures with Spatial Priors. Non-rigid structure from locally-rigid motion. Effective learning-based illuminant estimation using simple features. Image Segmentation by Cascaded Region Agglomeration. Random Laplace Feature Maps for Semigroup Kernels on Histograms. Learning Structured Low-Rank Representations for Image Classification. Fixed-rank representation for unsupervised visual learning. A Learning-to-Rank Approach for Image Color Enhancement. Geometric Context from Videos. Learning semantic relationships for better action retrieval in images. Seeking the Strongest Rigid Detector. Fast Object Detection with Entropy-Driven Evaluation. Video Motion Segmentation Using New Adaptive Manifold Denoising Model. Quasi-dense 3D reconstruction using tensor-based multiview stereo. Lp-Norm IDF for Large Scale Image Search. Ego-surfing first person videos. Discriminative Segment Annotation in Weakly Labeled Video. Safety in numbers: Learning categories from few examples with multi model knowledge transfer. Learning better image representations using 'flobject analysis'. Jigsaw puzzles with pieces of unknown orientation. A flexible tensor block coordinate ascent scheme for hypergraph matching. Unconstrained 3D face reconstruction. Scalable structure from motion for densely sampled videos. A Genetic Algorithm-Based Solver for Very Large Jigsaw Puzzles. Fine-grained recognition without part annotations. From categories to subcategories: Large-scale image classification with partial class label refinement. Biased normalized cuts. Large scale metric learning from equivalence constraints. Multi-cue Visual Tracking Using Robust Feature-Level Fusion Based on Joint Sparse Representation. A fixed viewpoint approach for dense reconstruction of transparent objects. FlowWeb: Joint image set alignment by weaving consistent, pixel-wise correspondences. A closed-form solution to uncalibrated photometric stereo via diffuse maxima. SVM for edge-preserving filtering. Learning photographic global tonal adjustment with a database of input/output image pairs. Optimal Geometric Fitting under the Truncated L2-Norm. RUNE-Tag: A high accuracy fiducial marker with strong occlusion resilience. Region-based temporally consistent video post-processing. Chebyshev approximations to the histogram χ Learning by Associating Ambiguously Labeled Images. Generalized group sparse classifiers with application in fMRI brain decoding. Classification of Tumor Histology via Morphometric Context. Posebits for Monocular Human Pose Estimation. A new mirror-based extrinsic camera calibration using an orthogonality constraint. A physically-based approach to reflection separation. Multi-object Tracking via Constrained Sequential Labeling. Fusing subcategory probabilities for texture classification. Tracking on the Product Manifold of Shape and Orientation for Tractography from Diffusion MRI. Multiclass semantic video segmentation with object-level active inference. Noise suppression in low-light images through joint denoising and demosaicing. Supervised Kernel Descriptors for Visual Recognition. A unifying resolution-independent formulation for early vision. Viewpoints and keypoints. Extracting vanishing points across multiple views. Long-term recurrent convolutional networks for visual recognition and description. Automatically discovering local visual material attributes. GraphTrack: Fast and globally optimal tracking in videos. The multiscale competitive code via sparse representation for palmprint verification. Multi-view object class detection with a 3D geometric model. Image specificity. Dynamic scene understanding: The role of orientation features in space and time in scene classification. Real-time part-based visual tracking via adaptive correlation filters. Structural Sparse Tracking. Image classification by non-negative sparse coding, low-rank and sparse decomposition. Zero-shot object recognition by semantic manifold distance. Transfer re-identification: From person to set-based verification. Object-Centric Anomaly Detection by Attribute-Based Reasoning. A generative model for 3D urban scene understanding from movable platforms. Multiple Structured-Instance Learning for Semantic Segmentation with Uncertain Training Data. Morphable Reflectance Fields for enhancing face recognition. Image retrieval using scene graphs. A fully automated greedy square jigsaw puzzle solver. Enforcing similarity constraints with integer programming for better scene text recognition. Predicting Failures of Vision Systems. NMF-KNN: Image Annotation Using Weighted Multi-view Non-negative Matrix Factorization. Fan Shape Model for object detection. Connected contours: A new contour completion model that respects the closure effect. Pose-robust recognition of low-resolution face images. Recovering thin structures via nonlocal-means regularization with application to depth from defocus. A Fast Semidefinite Approach to Solving Binary Quadratic Problems. Cross-View Action Modeling, Learning, and Recognition. A Riemannian Framework for Matching Point Clouds Represented by the Schrödinger Distance Transform. Model Transport: Towards Scalable Transfer Learning on Manifolds. Bi-label Propagation for Generic Multiple Object Tracking. Adapting an object detector by considering the worst case: A conservative approach. General and nested Wiberg minimization. SteadyFlow: Spatially Smooth Optical Flow for Video Stabilization. Learning a blind measure of perceptual image quality. Learning a non-linear knowledge transfer model for cross-view action recognition. Axially Symmetric 3D Pots Configuration System Using Axis of Symmetry and Break Curve. Situational object boundary detection. Single Image Layer Separation Using Relative Smoothness. Bilinear random projections for locality-sensitive binary codes. Isoperimetric cut on a directed graph. Sparse projections for high-dimensional binary codes. Top-down and bottom-up cues for scene text recognition. A framework for ultra high resolution 3D imaging. Large Displacement Optical Flow from Nearest Neighbor Fields. Laser speckle photography for surface tampering detection. Tag Taxonomy Aware Dictionary Learning for Region Tagging. Feature-independent context estimation for automatic image annotation. Motion-aware noise filtering for deblurring of noisy and blurry images. Fast cost-volume filtering for visual correspondence and beyond. Dense non-rigid surface registration using high-order graph matching. Weakly Supervised Learning of Mid-Level Features with Beta-Bernoulli Process Restricted Boltzmann Machines. Unifying Spatial and Attribute Selection for Distracter-Resilient Tracking. High-dimensional signature compression for large-scale image classification. Reflection removal for in-vehicle black box videos. A new texture descriptor using multifractal analysis in multi-orientation wavelet pyramid. Tracking the articulated motion of two strongly interacting hands. Reconfigurable models for scene recognition. A Cause and Effect Analysis of Motion Trajectories for Modeling Actions. Diffeomorphic sulcal shape analysis for cortical surface registration. Superpixel segmentation using Linear Spectral Clustering. Generalized Multiview Analysis: A discriminative latent space. Multi-view Photometric Stereo with Spatially Varying Isotropic Materials. Spatial-DiscLDA for visual recognition. A mixed bag of emotions: Model, predict, and transfer emotion distributions. Discriminative Brain Effective Connectivity Analysis for Alzheimer's Disease: A Kernel Learning Approach upon Sparse Gaussian Bayesian Network. Structured Face Hallucination. Multi-output Laplacian dynamic ordinal regression for facial expression recognition and intensity estimation. A Higher-Order CRF Model for Road Network Extraction. Harvesting Mid-level Visual Concepts from Large-Scale Internet Images. 3D R Transform on Spatio-temporal Interest Points for Action Recognition. How many bits does it take for a stimulus to be salient? Attributes and categories for generic instance search from one example. Gaze-enabled egocentric video summarization via constrained submodular maximization. Diversity-Enhanced Condensation Algorithm and Its Application for Robust and Accurate Endoscope Three-Dimensional Motion Tracking. Voxel Cloud Connectivity Segmentation - Supervoxels for Point Clouds. Segmentation using superpixels: A bipartite graph partitioning approach. FrameBreak: Dramatic Image Extrapolation by Guided Shift-Maps. Real-time coarse-to-fine topologically preserving segmentation. FPA-CS: Focal plane array-based compressive imaging in short-wave infrared. Fast unsupervised ego-action learning for first-person sports videos. Robust Estimation of Nonrigid Transformation for Point Set Registration. Robust photometric stereo using sparse regression. GPS-Tag Refinement Using Random Walks with an Adaptive Damping Factor. CLAM: Coupled Localization and Mapping with Efficient Outlier Handling. Spatialized epitome and its applications. Finding Matches in a Haystack: A Max-Pooling Strategy for Graph Matching in the Presence of Outliers. Robust reconstruction of indoor scenes. FREAK: Fast Retina Keypoint. Kernel Null Space Methods for Novelty Detection. Detection free tracking: Exploiting motion and topology for segmenting and tracking under entanglement. Weakly supervised structured output learning for semantic segmentation. Effective face frontalization in unconstrained images. Material recognition in the wild with the Materials in Context Database. Efficient subwindow search with submodular score functions. Recovering fluid-type motions using Navier-Stokes potential flow. 3D shape estimation from 2D landmarks: A convex relaxation approach. Scene understanding by statistical modeling of motion patterns. Improving classifiers with unlabeled weakly-related videos. Action Recognition by Hierarchical Sequence Summarization. Exploiting web images for event recognition in consumer videos: A multiple source domain adaptation approach. A Hierarchical Probabilistic Model for Facial Feature Detection. Deep sparse representation for robust image registration. Person re-identification by probabilistic relative distance comparison. Laplacian Coordinates for Seeded Image Segmentation. Visual vibrometry: Estimating material properties from small motions in video. Inductive Hashing on Manifolds. Matching-CNN meets KNN: Quasi-parametric human parsing. Collection flow. Rapid selection of reliable templates for visual tracking. Spatial bias in multi-atlas based segmentation. Efficient discriminative learning of parametric nearest neighbor classifiers. Bispectral photometric stereo based on fluorescence. Real-time tracking of multiple occluding objects using level sets. Multi-view Super Vector for Action Recognition. Learning Expressionlets on Spatio-temporal Manifold for Dynamic Facial Expression Recognition. Generalized video deblurring for dynamic scenes. Schematic surface reconstruction. Improved facial expression recognition via uni-hyperplane classification. Multihypothesis trajectory analysis for robust visual tracking. Multi-fold MIL Training for Weakly Supervised Object Localization. Discrete minimum ratio curves and surfaces. 2.5D building modeling with topology control. Mobile object detection through client-server based vote transfer. Enriching object detection with 2D-3D registration and continuous viewpoint estimation. Quality Dynamic Human Body Modeling Using a Single Low-Cost Depth Camera. Adaptive as-natural-as-possible image stitching. Picture: A probabilistic programming language for scene perception. Fast Energy Minimization Using Learned State Filters. Joint action recognition and pose estimation from video. A robust method for vector field learning with application to mismatch removing. Pulling Things out of Perspective. Classification and clustering via dictionary learning with structured incoherence and shared features. Light Field Distortion Feature for Transparent Object Recognition. Joint motion estimation and segmentation of complex scenes with label costs and occlusion modeling. Total-Variation Minimization on Unstructured Volumetric Mesh: Biophysical Applications on Reconstruction of 3D Ischemic Myocardium. Building proteins in a day: Efficient 3D molecular reconstruction. Geo-semantic segmentation. MKPLS: Manifold Kernel Partial Least Squares for Lipreading and Speaker Identification. Kernelized structural SVM learning for supervised object segmentation. DISCOVER: Discovering Important Segments for Classification of Video Events and Recounting. Max-margin early event detectors. Motion Estimation for Self-Driving Cars with a Generalized Camera. Using global bag of features models in random fields for joint categorization and segmentation of objects. Detection of mitosis within a stem cell population of high cell confluence in phase-contrast microscopy images. DynamicFusion: Reconstruction and tracking of non-rigid scenes in real-time. Bilinear Programming for Human Activity Recognition with Unknown MRF Graphs. Deeply learned attributes for crowded scene understanding. AVA: A large-scale database for aesthetic visual analysis. Cascaded hand pose regression. A maximum entropy feature descriptor for age invariant face recognition. Unsupervised incremental learning for improved object detection in a video. segDeepM: Exploiting segmentation and context in deep neural networks for object detection. Optimal similarity registration of volumetric images. Joint Motion Segmentation and Background Estimation in Dynamic Scenes. Delineating trees in noisy 2D images and 3D image-stacks. Deformable Object Matching via Deformation Decomposition Based 2D Label MRF. Hedging your bets: Optimizing accuracy-specificity trade-offs in large scale visual recognition. Hypercolumns for object segmentation and fine-grained localization. Fast Supervised Hashing with Decision Trees for High-Dimensional Data. Scene Text Recognition Using Part-Based Tree-Structured Character Detection. Rate-Invariant Analysis of Trajectories on Riemannian Manifolds with Application in Visual Speech Recognition. Optical flow estimation with adaptive convolution kernel prior on discrete framework. Structure from motion blur in low light. Query-specific visual semantic spaces for web image re-ranking. Rotation, Scaling and Deformation Invariant Scattering for Texture Discrimination. Wide-Baseline Hair Capture Using Strand-Based Refinement. Graph-Laplacian PCA: Closed-Form Solution and Robustness. 100+ Times Faster Weighted Median Filter (WMF). A brute-force algorithm for reconstructing a scene from two projections. Discriminative learning of iteration-wise priors for blind deconvolution. Optical flow in the presence of spatially-varying motion blur. Tracking people interacting with objects. Detecting Pulse from Head Motions in Video. Image denoising via adaptive soft-thresholding based on non-local samples. Depth image enhancement using local tangent plane approximations. MKPM: A multiclass extension to the kernel projection machine. Fast randomized Singular Value Thresholding for Nuclear Norm Minimization. Image denoising: Can plain neural networks compete with BM3D? Energy Based Multi-model Fitting & Matching for 3D Reconstruction. Membership representation for detecting block-diagonal structure in low-rank or sparse subspace clustering. City-Scale Change Detection in Cadastral 3D Models Using Images. Surface regions of interest for viewpoint selection. The Vitruvian manifold: Inferring dense correspondences for one-shot human pose estimation. Sampling Strategies for Real-Time Action Recognition. Filter Forests for Learning Data-Dependent Convolutional Kernels. Parsing clothing in fashion photographs. Sparse Output Coding for Large-Scale Visual Recognition. Bayesian geometric modeling of indoor scenes. Clustering dynamic textures with the hierarchical EM algorithm. Incremental Learning of NCM Forests for Large-Scale Image Classification. Novelty detection from an ego-centric perspective. Steerable part models. Efficient computation of robust low-rank matrix approximations in the presence of missing data using the L1 norm. Layered RGBD scene flow estimation. Context-Aware Modeling and Recognition of Activities in Video. Practical robust two-view translation estimation. Joint vanishing point extraction and tracking. Robust multi-image based blind face hallucination. Feature-Independent Action Spotting without Human Localization, Segmentation, or Frame-wise Tracking. Modeling pixel means and covariances using factorized third-order boltzmann machines. Spectral Graph Reduction for Efficient Image and Streaming Video Segmentation. Modeling mutual context of object and human pose in human-object interaction activities. Immediate, Scalable Object Category Detection. Cache-efficient graph cuts on structured grids. Gauging Association Patterns of Chromosome Territories via Chromatic Median. Monocular Template-Based 3D Reconstruction of Extensible Surfaces with Local Linear Elasticity. A Riemannian approach for estimating orientation distribution function (ODF) images from high-angular resolution diffusion imaging (HARDI). Food recognition using statistics of pairwise local features. Hash Bit Selection: A Unified Solution for Selection Problems in Hashing. Reconstructing Loopy Curvilinear Structures Using Integer Programming. Large-Scale Visual Font Recognition. Towards Open World Recognition. Using specular highlights as pose invariant features for 2D-3D pose estimation. Specular surface reconstruction from sparse reflection correspondences. What's going on? Discovering spatio-temporal dependencies in dynamic scenes. Learning to share visual appearance for multiclass object detection. Visual and semantic similarity in ImageNet. Geodesic exponential kernels: When curvature and linearity conflict. Global and efficient self-similarity for object classification and detection. The stitched puppet: A graphical model of 3D human shape and pose. Detecting texts of arbitrary orientations in natural images. Novel observation model for probabilistic object tracking. Quality Assessment for Comparing Image Enhancement Algorithms. Augmenting Bag-of-Words: Data-Driven Discovery of Temporal and Structural Information for Activity Recognition. Radial Distortion Self-Calibration. Robust nonrigid ICP using outlier-sparsity regularization. A diffusion approach to seeded image segmentation. Robust non-rigid registration of 2D and 3D graphs. Tracking with local spatio-temporal motion patterns in extremely crowded scenes. Learning-Based Atlas Selection for Multiple-Atlas Segmentation. Energy based multiple model fitting for non-rigid structure from motion. Shadow optimization from structured deep edge detection. Leveraging Structure from Motion to Learn Discriminative Codebooks for Scalable Landmark Classification. Incremental Face Alignment in the Wild. Low-rank matrix recovery with structural incoherence for robust face recognition. Supervised local subspace learning for continuous head pose estimation. Segmentation of building facades using procedural shape priors. JOTS: Joint Online Tracking and Segmentation. Recovering inner slices of translucent objects by multi-frequency illumination. Scalable Object Detection Using Deep Neural Networks. Continuous Manifold Based Adaptation for Evolving Visual Domains. Simultaneous pose and non-rigid shape with particle dynamics. CID: Combined Image Denoising in Spatial and Frequency Domains Using Web Images. Multi-view reconstruction preserving weakly-supported surfaces. Occluding Contours for Multi-view Stereo. Locality-constrained Linear Coding for image classification. Breaking the interactive bottleneck in multi-class classification with active selection and binary feedback. Hardware compliant approximate image codes. Scene Labeling Using Beam Search under Mutex Constraints. Neural Decision Forests for Semantic Image Labelling. A Principled Deep Random Field Model for Image Segmentation. PAIGE: PAirwise Image Geometry Encoding for improved efficiency in Structure-from-Motion. Histograms of Sparse Codes for Object Detection. Grassmann Averages for Scalable Robust PCA. Bregman Divergences for Infinite Dimensional Covariance Matrices. Zero-Shot Event Detection Using Multi-modal Fusion of Weakly Supervised Concepts. Robust image alignment with multiple feature descriptors and matching-guided neighborhoods. Evaluation of background subtraction techniques for video surveillance. Discriminative spatial pyramid. Multi-column deep neural networks for image classification. Better Feature Tracking through Subspace Constraints. Articulated pose estimation with parts connectivity using discriminative local oriented contours. 3D Pictorial Structures for Multiple Human Pose Estimation. Human Body Shape Estimation Using a Multi-resolution Manifold Forest. Plane-Based Content Preserving Warps for Video Stabilization. Online group-structured dictionary learning. Defocus deblurring and superresolution for time-of-flight depth cameras. Is There a Procedural Logic to Architecture? Visual classification with multi-task joint sparse representation. Generalized projection based M-estimator: Theory and applications. Modeling and estimating persistent motion with geometric flows. Support tucker machines. Understanding and predicting importance in images. Iterative quantization: A procrustean approach to learning binary codes. Social roles in hierarchical models for human activity recognition. Unsupervised Trajectory Modelling Using Temporal Information via Minimal Paths. Monotonicity and error type differentiability in performance measures for target detection and tracking in video. Motion estimation with non-local total variation regularization. Super-resolution Person re-identification with semi-coupled low-rank discriminant dictionary learning. Determining Motion Directly from Normal Flows Upon the Use of a Spherical Eye Platform. An Online Learned Elementary Grouping Model for Multi-target Tracking. Enforcing topological constraints in random field image segmentation. Sparse reconstruction cost for abnormal event detection. Smoothly varying affine stitching. On detection of multiple object instances using hough transforms. Uncovering vein patterns from color skin images for forensic analysis. Vessel scale-selection using MRF optimization. What Object Motion Reveals about Shape with Unknown BRDF and Lighting. High-speed hyperspectral video acquisition with a dual-camera architecture. Decoding, Calibration and Rectification for Lenselet-Based Plenoptic Cameras. Learning Binary Codes for High-Dimensional Data Using Bilinear Projections. Discriminative Re-ranking of Diverse Segmentations. Adding Unlabeled Samples to Categories by Learned Attributes. Face image retrieval by shape manipulation. Efficient minimal-surface regularization of perspective depth maps in variational stereo. The Language of Actions: Recovering the Syntax and Semantics of Goal-Directed Human Activities. When 3D Reconstruction Meets Ubiquitous RGB-D Images. Learning graph structure for multi-label image classification via clique generation. Gyro-Based Multi-image Deconvolution for Removing Handshake Blur. Decentralized particle filter for joint individual-group tracking. Incorporating Scene Context and Object Layout into Appearance Modeling. Robust Region Grouping via Internal Patch Statistics. Fast and robust object segmentation with the Integral Linear Classifier. A constrained latent variable model. From co-saliency to co-segmentation: An efficient and fully unsupervised energy minimization model. Removing rolling shutter wobble. Graph-guided sparse reconstruction for region tagging. Transductive segmentation of live video with non-stationary background. Interactively building a discriminative vocabulary of nameable attributes. KNN matting. Harmony potentials for joint classification and segmentation. Causal video object segmentation from persistence of occlusions. Segmentation-Free Dynamic Scene Deblurring. Co-segmentation of Textured 3D Shapes with Sparse Annotations. A contextual maximum likelihood framework for modeling image registration. Exploring Weak Stabilization for Motion Feature Extraction. Five Shades of Grey for Fast and Reliable Camera Pose Estimation. Large-scale and drift-free surface reconstruction using online subvolume registration. EpicFlow: Edge-preserving interpolation of correspondences for optical flow. Object cosegmentation. Symmetric piecewise planar object reconstruction from a single image. Face recognition in unconstrained videos with matched background similarity. Cost-sensitive subspace learning for face recognition. Object-graphs for context-aware category discovery. Multi-resolution Shape Analysis via Non-Euclidean Wavelets: Applications to Mesh Segmentation and Surface Alignment Problems. The automatic design of feature spaces for local image descriptors using an ensemble of non-linear feature extractors. Temporal Sequence Modeling for Video Event Detection. Multi-task deep visual-semantic embedding for video thumbnail selection. Bayesian Depth-from-Defocus with Shading Constraints. Head Pose Estimation Based on Multivariate Label Distribution. RAPS: Robust and Efficient Automatic Construction of Person-Specific Deformable Models. Handling Noise in Single Image Deblurring Using Directional Filters. Contour-based recognition. 3D-Aided Face Recognition Robust to Expression and Pose Variations. Aggregating local descriptors into a compact image representation. End-to-end integration of a Convolutional Network, Deformable Parts Model and non-maximum suppression. Learning-by-Synthesis for Appearance-Based 3D Gaze Estimation. Real-time human pose recognition in parts from single depth images. Deep neural networks are easily fooled: High confidence predictions for unrecognizable images. A convex representation for the vectorial Mumford-Shah functional. Separable Kernel for Image Deblurring. Pedestrian Detection with Unsupervised Multi-stage Feature Learning. Multiscale Combinatorial Grouping. From pixels to physics: Probabilistic color de-rendering. Co-localization in Real-World Images. Switchable Deep Network for Pedestrian Detection. Context-aware saliency detection. Randomized visual phrases for object search. One-shot multi-set non-rigid feature-spatial matching. Stable and Informative Spectral Signatures for Graph Matching. Towards semantic embedding in visual vocabulary. Label Consistent Quadratic Surrogate model for visual saliency prediction. Discriminative Sub-categorization. Simultaneous searching of globally optimal interacting surfaces with shape priors. Towards Good Practices for Action Video Encoding. Face video retrieval with image query via hashing across Euclidean space and Riemannian manifold. A scalable dual approach to semidefinite metric learning. Learning people detection models from few training samples. A Bayesian approach to adaptive video super resolution. Locally Optimized Product Quantization for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search. Understanding image virality. Modeling object appearance using Context-Conditioned Component Analysis. High Quality Photometric Reconstruction Using a Depth Camera. P2C2: Programmable pixel compressive camera for high speed imaging. Detection by detections: Non-parametric detector adaptation for a video. Social behavior recognition in continuous video. From Categories to Individuals in Real Time - A Unified Boosting Approach. Online domain adaptation of a pre-trained cascade of classifiers. Social interactions: A first-person perspective. Jointly Aligning and Segmenting Multiple Web Photo Streams for the Inference of Collective Photo Storylines. Depth Enhancement via Low-Rank Matrix Completion. Learning with dataset bias in latent subcategory models. Mirror, mirror on the wall, tell me, is the error small? Transport-based single frame super resolution of very low resolution face images. Learning from interpolated images using neural networks for digital forensics. Simultaneous Time-of-Flight sensing and photometric stereo with a single ToF sensor. Reconstruction of display and eyes from a single image. From N to N+1: Multiclass Transfer Incremental Learning. Track to the future: Spatio-temporal video segmentation with long-range motion cues. Efficient training for pairwise or higher order CRFs via dual decomposition. Video Enhancement of People Wearing Polarized Glasses: Darkening Reversal and Reflection Reduction. Multi-feature max-margin hierarchical Bayesian model for action recognition. Iterative Multilevel MRF Leveraging Context and Voxel Information for Brain Tumour Segmentation in MRI. Nonparametric Part Transfer for Fine-Grained Recognition. Markerless motion capture of interacting characters using multi-view image segmentation. Human Action Recognition by Representing 3D Skeletons as Points in a Lie Group. Fast globally optimal 2D human detection with loopy graph models. Beyond Gaussian Pyramid: Multi-skip Feature Stacking for action recognition. Covariance Trees for 2D and 3D Processing. Upsampling range data in dynamic environments. Saliency estimation using a non-parametric low-level vision model. Active Annotation Translation. Pareto-optimal dictionaries for signatures. Multi view registration for novelty/background separation. Online Dominant and Anomalous Behavior Detection in Videos. AdaBoost on low-rank PSD matrices for metric learning. Event Detection Using Multi-level Relevance Labels and Multiple Features. Area Preserving Brain Mapping. A Machine Learning Approach for Non-blind Image Deconvolution. Topical Video Object Discovery from Key Frames by Modeling Word Co-occurrence Prior. Locality in Generic Instance Search from One Example. Real-time 6D stereo Visual Odometry with non-overlapping fields of view. Detection Evolution with Multi-order Contextual Co-occurrence. Joint Coupled-Feature Representation and Coupled Boosting for AD Diagnosis. FlowBoost - Appearance learning from sparsely annotated video. Natural image denoising: Optimality and inherent bounds. Linear view synthesis using a dimensionality gap light field prior. Mapping visual features to semantic profiles for retrieval in medical imaging. In Defense of 3D-Label Stereo. SWIFT: Sparse Withdrawal of Inliers in a First Trial. Robust 3D Features for Matching between Distorted Range Scans Captured by Moving Systems. Hierarchical Subquery Evaluation for Active Learning on a Graph. Class Specific 3D Object Shape Priors Using Surface Normals. Discovering discriminative action parts from mid-level video representations. Calibrating a Non-isotropic Near Point Light Source Using a Plane. Depth and Skeleton Associated Action Recognition without Online Accessible RGB-D Cameras. Pooled motion features for first-person videos. Human identity recognition in aerial images. Learning Separable Filters. Shape-from-Template in Flatland. Learning latent temporal structure for complex event detection. Part-Based Visual Tracking with Online Latent Structural Learning. Boosting Binary Keypoint Descriptors. Bayesian Grammar Learning for Inverse Procedural Modeling. Learning Compact Binary Codes for Visual Tracking. Toward coherent object detection and scene layout understanding. A flow model for joint action recognition and identity maintenance. Mind's eye: A recurrent visual representation for image caption generation. Structured light 3D scanning in the presence of global illumination. Robust Object Co-detection. Image description with a goal: Building efficient discriminating expressions for images. Curvilinear Structure Tracking by Low Rank Tensor Approximation with Model Propagation. Fast Convolutional Sparse Coding. Fast radial symmetry detection under affine transformations. Refractive height fields from single and multiple images. Multi-feature Spectral Clustering with Minimax Optimization. Max-margin clustering: Detecting margins from projections of points on lines. DeepReID: Deep Filter Pairing Neural Network for Person Re-identification. A novel locally linear KNN model for visual recognition. Inferring 3D layout of building facades from a single image. On multiple foreground cosegmentation. Articulated people detection and pose estimation: Reshaping the future. Line-based Multi-Label Energy Optimization for fisheye image rectification and calibration. Sparse kernel approximations for efficient classification and detection. Multi-agent event recognition in structured scenarios. Automatic point-based facial trait judgments evaluation. Bags of Spacetime Energies for Dynamic Scene Recognition. 6 Seconds of Sound and Vision: Creativity in Micro-videos. Persistent Tracking for Wide Area Aerial Surveillance. Correspondence driven adaptation for human profile recognition. DARTs: Efficient scale-space extraction of DAISY keypoints. Cut, Glue, & Cut: A Fast, Approximate Solver for Multicut Partitioning. Efficient groupwise non-rigid registration of textured surfaces. Semi-supervised Spectral Clustering for Image Set Classification. Photometric Bundle Adjustment for Dense Multi-view 3D Modeling. Sparse representation for blind image quality assessment. Online Object Tracking: A Benchmark. Understanding tools: Task-oriented object modeling, learning and recognition. City scale geo-spatial trajectory estimation of a moving camera. Deep domain adaptation for describing people based on fine-grained clothing attributes. Segment based 3D object shape priors. Efficient parallel optimization for potts energy with hierarchical fusion. Mirror Symmetry Histograms for Capturing Geometric Properties in Images. Online multi-class LPBoost. Semi-supervised Relational Topic Model for Weakly Annotated Image Recognition in Social Media. Depth and surface normal estimation from monocular images using regression on deep features and hierarchical CRFs. What's in a Name? First Names as Facial Attributes. Improved Image Set Classification via Joint Sparse Approximated Nearest Subspaces. Bayes optimal kernel discriminant analysis. Salient object detection via bootstrap learning. Robust camera self-calibration from monocular images of Manhattan worlds. Compressed Hashing. Associative Embeddings for Large-Scale Knowledge Transfer with Self-Assessment. Rectification of figures and photos in document images using bounding box interface. Rectilinear parsing of architecture in urban environment. On a Link Between Kernel Mean Maps and Fraunhofer Diffraction, with an Application to Super-Resolution Beyond the Diffraction Limit. A two-stage reconstruction approach for seeing through water. Bayesian Active Appearance Models. Semi-supervised hashing for scalable image retrieval. Model evolution: An incremental approach to non-rigid structure from motion. Order determination and sparsity-regularized metric learning adaptive visual tracking. Surface-from-Gradients: An Approach Based on Discrete Geometry Processing. Evaluating knowledge transfer and zero-shot learning in a large-scale setting. Flying objects detection from a single moving camera. Two-Class Weather Classification. 3D scanning deformable objects with a single RGBD sensor. Just noticeable defocus blur detection and estimation. Continuous Inference in Graphical Models with Polynomial Energies. Context tracker: Exploring supporters and distracters in unconstrained environments. Multi-label ReliefF and F-statistic feature selections for image annotation. Learning attention map from images. Building reconstruction using manhattan-world grammars. Detecting and parsing architecture at city scale from range data. Exploring aligned complementary image pair for blind motion deblurring. Higher level segmentation: Detecting and grouping of invariant repetitive patterns. Multimodal feature fusion for robust event detection in web videos. Robust camera location estimation by convex programming. A Joint Model for 2D and 3D Pose Estimation from a Single Image. Abnormal detection using interaction energy potentials. Geometric Urban Geo-localization. Nonparametric learning for layered segmentation of natural images. Salient Object Detection: A Discriminative Regional Feature Integration Approach. Parameter learning with truncated message-passing. Unconstrained realtime facial performance capture. Unsupervised metric fusion by cross diffusion. Collaborative feature learning from social media. How to Evaluate Foreground Maps. Using Ripley's K-function to improve graph-based clustering techniques. Combining randomization and discrimination for fine-grained image categorization. Human action segmentation with hierarchical supervoxel consistency. Beyond spatial pooling: Fine-grained representation learning in multiple domains. Generalized Nonconvex Nonsmooth Low-Rank Minimization. Separating reflective and fluorescent components of an image. Unbiased look at dataset bias. Maximum Cohesive Grid of Superpixels for Fast Object Localization. Masked FFT registration. Large-scale live active learning: Training object detectors with crawled data and crowds. Background modeling using adaptive pixelwise kernel variances in a hybrid feature space. Deterministically maximizing feasible subsystem for robust model fitting with unit norm constraint. Dense Non-rigid Shape Correspondence Using Random Forests. Scale-invariant heat kernel signatures for non-rigid shape recognition. Efficient Feature Extraction, Encoding, and Classification for Action Recognition. Matrix completion by Truncated Nuclear Norm Regularization. Scene Coordinate Regression Forests for Camera Relocalization in RGB-D Images. Visual event recognition in videos by learning from web data. Hierarchically-constrained optical flow. Aligning 3D models to RGB-D images of cluttered scenes. Learning sparse covariance patterns for natural scenes. Making specific features less discriminative to improve point-based 3D object recognition. Recurrent convolutional neural network for object recognition. BFO Meets HOG: Feature Extraction Based on Histograms of Oriented p.d.f. Gradients for Image Classification. Articulated Pose Estimation Using Discriminative Armlet Classifiers. Solving multiple square jigsaw puzzles with missing pieces. Convolutional feature masking for joint object and stuff segmentation. Stochastic Deconvolution. Object segmentation by alignment of poselet activations to image contours. Random maximum margin hashing. Metric learning with two-dimensional smoothness for visual analysis. A discriminative deep model for pedestrian detection with occlusion handling. Foreground segmentation of live videos using locally competing 1SVMs. Incremental Activity Modeling and Recognition in Streaming Videos. Capturing Complex Spatio-temporal Relations among Facial Muscles for Facial Expression Recognition. Anatomical parts-based regression using non-negative matrix factorization. Sparse Convolutional Neural Networks. As-Projective-As-Possible Image Stitching with Moving DLT. Edge-Aware Gradient Domain Optimization Framework for Image Filtering by Local Propagation. Non-negative matrix factorization as a feature selection tool for maximum margin classifiers. Project-Out Cascaded Regression with an application to face alignment. Multi-output Learning for Camera Relocalization. Multi-instance object segmentation with occlusion handling. Analyzing Semantic Segmentation Using Hybrid Human-Machine CRFs. A probabilistic representation for efficient large scale visual recognition tasks. Large-scale knowledge transfer for object localization in ImageNet. Building a bird recognition app and large scale dataset with citizen scientists: The fine print in fine-grained dataset collection. Fisher and VLAD with FLAIR. Probabilistic gaze estimation without active personal calibration. Exploiting hierarchical context on a large database of object categories. Ink-bleed reduction using functional minimization. Reconstruction of relief objects from line drawings. Measuring visual saliency by Site Entropy Rate. Optimal integration of photometric and geometric surface measurements using inaccurate reflectance/illumination knowledge. Scale-hierarchical 3D object recognition in cluttered scenes. Direct image alignment of projector-camera systems with planar surfaces. Accurate Localization and Pose Estimation for Large 3D Models. Cross-age face verification by coordinating with cross-face age verification. Real-time scene text localization and recognition. The phase only transform for unsupervised surface defect detection. Unsupervised feature learning framework for no-reference image quality assessment. Domain Adaptation on the Statistical Manifold. Mining actionlet ensemble for action recognition with depth cameras. Joint Sparsity-Based Representation and Analysis of Unconstrained Activities. Ask the Image: Supervised Pooling to Preserve Feature Locality. Morphological snakes. Street-to-shop: Cross-scenario clothing retrieval via parts alignment and auxiliary set. Image parsing with a wide range of classes and scene-level context. Subcategory-Aware Object Classification. An L1-based variational model for Retinex theory and its application to medical images. Wide-angle micro sensors for vision on a tight budget. Simultaneous pose, correspondence and non-rigid shape. Finding image distributions on active curves. Bypassing synthesis: PLS for face recognition with pose, low-resolution and sketch. 2D/3D rotation-invariant detection using equivariant filters and kernel weighted mapping. SeamSeg: Video Object Segmentation Using Patch Seams. Illumination Estimation Based on Bilayer Sparse Coding. Semantic structure from motion. Coded exposure imaging for projective motion deblurring. Evolutionary Quasi-Random Search for Hand Articulations Tracking. A rank-order distance based clustering algorithm for face tagging. Visual tracking decomposition. Dataset fingerprints: Exploring image collections through data mining. Radiometric calibration by transform invariant low-rank structure. Efficient Computation of Shortest Path-Concavity for 3D Meshes. Light field layer matting. Deformation and illumination invariant feature point descriptor. Multitarget data association with higher-order motion models. Hash-SVM: Scalable Kernel Machines for Large-Scale Visual Classification. Learning Locally-Adaptive Decision Functions for Person Verification. FaLRR: A fast low rank representation solver. Learning 3D object templates by hierarchical quantization of geometry and appearance spaces. Optimizing 1-Nearest Prototype Classifiers. Deep filter banks for texture recognition and segmentation. On pairwise costs for network flow multi-object tracking. Covariance Descriptors for 3D Shape Matching and Retrieval. Discriminant image filter learning for face recognition with local binary pattern like representation. Fast approximate energy minimization with label costs. Tell Me What You See and I Will Show You Where It Is. Silhouette transformation based on walking speed for gait identification. Robust piecewise-planar 3D reconstruction and completion from large-scale unstructured point data. Learning affinities and dependencies for multi-target tracking using a CRF model. Multispectral pedestrian detection: Benchmark dataset and baseline. The use of on-line co-training to reduce the training set size in pattern recognition methods: Application to left ventricle segmentation in ultrasound. The Fastest Deformable Part Model for Object Detection. Tracking Human Pose by Tracking Symmetric Parts. Lymph node detection in 3-D chest CT using a spatial prior probability. Stereo under Sequential Optimal Sampling: A Statistical Analysis Framework for Search Space Reduction. PDM-ENLOR: Learning Ensemble of Local PDM-Based Regressions. Efficient hierarchical graph-based video segmentation. Discriminative Ferns Ensemble for Hand Pose Recognition. Ambient occlusion via compressive visibility estimation. An online approach: Learning-Semantic-Scene-by-Tracking and Tracking-by-Learning-Semantic-Scene. ABSORB: Atlas building by Self-Organized Registration and Bundling. Object Partitioning Using Local Convexity. Fast, Accurate Detection of 100, 000 Object Classes on a Single Machine. Learning an Image-Based Motion Context for Multiple People Tracking. Local high-order regularization on data manifolds. Pairwise geometric matching for large-scale object retrieval. Collect-cut: Segmentation with top-down cues discovered in multi-object images. Data fusion through cross-modality metric learning using similarity-sensitive hashing. Total Variation Blind Deconvolution: The Devil Is in the Details. The Shape Boltzmann Machine: A strong model of object shape. Mode-seeking on graphs via random walks. Simplex-Based 3D Spatio-temporal Feature Description for Action Recognition. Recovery of corrupted low-rank matrices via half-quadratic based nonconvex minimization. Non-rigid structure from motion with complementary rank-3 spaces. We are not contortionists: Coupled adaptive learning for head and body orientation estimation in surveillance video. Social Role Discovery in Human Events. Global stereo matching leveraged by sparse ground control points. Locally Linear Hashing for Extracting Non-linear Manifolds. Discontinuous seam-carving for video retargeting. Branch and track. Topology-adaptive multi-view photometric stereo. Visual Semantic Search: Retrieving Videos via Complex Textual Queries. Taxonomic classification for web-based videos. Dense reconstruction on-the-fly. Classifier based graph construction for video segmentation. Nonlinearly Constrained MRFs: Exploring the Intrinsic Dimensions of Higher-Order Cliques. Single-Pedestrian Detection Aided by Multi-pedestrian Detection. Photometric stereo with near point lighting: A solution by mesh deformation. Stratified learning of local anatomical context for lung nodules in CT images. Large-scale image classification: Fast feature extraction and SVM training. Whitened Expectation Propagation: Non-Lambertian Shape from Shading and Shadow. Time and space efficient spectral clustering via column sampling. Interleaved text/image Deep Mining on a large-scale radiology database. Illumination compensation based change detection using order consistency. Twisted window search for efficient shape localization. Highly accurate boundary detection and grouping. Geodesic star convexity for interactive image segmentation. Warping background subtraction. Human Action Recognition across Datasets by Foreground-Weighted Histogram Decomposition. Pose from Flow and Flow from Pose. Dual-Space Decomposition of 2D Complex Shapes. Robust Real-Time Tracking of Multiple Objects by Volumetric Mass Densities. Random tree walk toward instantaneous 3D human pose estimation. In Search of Inliers: 3D Correspondence by Local and Global Voting. Sparse composite quantization. Affinity learning on a tensor product graph with applications to shape and image retrieval. A Minimal Solution to the Generalized Pose-and-Scale Problem. An efficient branch-and-bound algorithm for optimal human pose estimation. Simultaneous video defogging and stereo reconstruction. Geometry constrained sparse coding for single image super-resolution. Learning hierarchical poselets for human parsing. The SVM-Minus Similarity Score for Video Face Recognition. Oriented edge forests for boundary detection. From dictionary of visual words to subspaces: Locality-constrained affine subspace coding. More about VLAD: A leap from Euclidean to Riemannian manifolds. Feature context for image classification and object detection. 3D reconstruction of glossy surfaces using stereo cameras and projector-display. Alternating Decision Forests. Efficient MCMC sampling with implicit shape representations. Covariance discriminative learning: A natural and efficient approach to image set classification. Detecting Changes in 3D Structure of a Scene from Multi-view Images Captured by a Vehicle-Mounted Camera. Predicting eye fixations using convolutional neural networks. Displets: Resolving stereo ambiguities using object knowledge. Multi-view feature engineering and learning. On the minimal problems of low-rank matrix factorization. Multiple random walkers and their application to image cosegmentation. Texture representations for image and video synthesis. Multi-target tracking by on-line learned discriminative appearance models. Surface stereo with soft segmentation. Real-time visual analysis of microvascular blood flow for critical care. Reading between the lines: Object localization using implicit cues from image tags. Energy minimization for linear envelope MRFs. Reduced epipolar cost for accelerated incremental SfM. From captions to visual concepts and back. A generalized probabilistic framework for compact codebook creation. Video Object Segmentation through Spatially Accurate and Temporally Dense Extraction of Primary Object Regions. Describing the scene as a whole: Joint object detection, scene classification and semantic segmentation. Randomized hybrid linear modeling by local best-fit flats. Deep networks for saliency detection via local estimation and global search. Background Subtraction via generalized fused lasso foreground modeling. GRASP Recurring Patterns from a Single View. SCALPEL: Segmentation Cascades with Localized Priors and Efficient Learning. Query-adaptive late fusion for image search and person re-identification. Classifier adaptation at prediction time. Autonomous cleaning of corrupted scanned documents - A generative modeling approach. Exact bias correction and covariance estimation for stereo vision. Partial Occlusion Handling for Visual Tracking via Robust Part Matching. Fast Image Super-Resolution Based on In-Place Example Regression. MatchNet: Unifying feature and metric learning for patch-based matching. Real-Time Model-Based Rigid Object Pose Estimation and Tracking Combining Dense and Sparse Visual Cues. Far-sighted active learning on a budget for image and video recognition. Looking Beyond the Image: Unsupervised Learning for Object Saliency and Detection. Fast Rigid Motion Segmentation via Incrementally-Complex Local Models. Point Matching in the Presence of Outliers in Both Point Sets: A Concave Optimization Approach. Toward user-specific tracking by detection of human shapes in multi-cameras. Real-time visual tracking using compressive sensing. Learning to Learn, from Transfer Learning to Domain Adaptation: A Unifying Perspective. Multisensor-fusion for 3D full-body human motion capture. Boosting for transfer learning with multiple sources. Multi-feature metric learning with knowledge transfer among semantics and social tagging. Factorizing appearance using epitomic flobject analysis. Linked edges as stable region boundaries. A learning-based framework for depth ordering. Efficient ConvNet-based marker-less motion capture in general scenes with a low number of cameras. Co-clustering of image segments using convex optimization applied to EM neuronal reconstruction. A deformation and lighting insensitive metric for face recognition based on dense correspondences. Affinity aggregation for spectral clustering. Locality-constrained and spatially regularized coding for scene categorization. Quasi Real-Time Summarization for Consumer Videos. Bayesian inference for neighborhood filters with application in denoising. Cross-based local multipoint filtering. Teaching 3D geometry to deformable part models. Propagated image filtering. Interaction part mining: A mid-level approach for fine-grained action recognition. Delving into egocentric actions. Higher order motion models and spectral clustering. Deformable Graph Matching. Taking a deeper look at pedestrians. Contour people: A parameterized model of 2D articulated human shape. Incremental gradient on the Grassmannian for online foreground and background separation in subsampled video. Context-constrained hallucination for image super-resolution. Computing Diffeomorphic Paths for Large Motion Interpolation. Personalization of image enhancement. Discriminative Subspace Clustering. Depth from shading, defocus, and correspondence using light-field angular coherence. Asymmetric region-to-image matching for comparing images with generic object categories. Learning 3D shape from a single facial image via non-linear manifold embedding and alignment. Data-driven depth map refinement via multi-scale sparse representation. Hand tracking by binary quadratic programming and its application to retail activity recognition. Saliency-aware geodesic video object segmentation. Object detection by labeling superpixels. Towards Unified Human Parsing and Pose Estimation. Vehicle tracking across nonoverlapping cameras using joint kinematic and appearance features. Constrained parametric min-cuts for automatic object segmentation. Radial distortion homography. Multi-pedestrian detection in crowded scenes: A global view. Deblurring Text Images via L0-Regularized Intensity and Gradient Prior. Spectral Modeling and Relighting of Reflective-Fluorescent Scenes. Video anomaly detection based on local statistical aggregates. DeepContour: A deep convolutional feature learned by positive-sharing loss for contour detection. Computer vision aided target linked radiation imaging. Scene Parsing with Object Instances and Occlusion Ordering. Blur kernel estimation using the radon transform. Three-dimensional kaleidoscopic imaging. Looking Beyond the Visible Scene. Tiered scene labeling with dynamic programming. Single image super-resolution using Gaussian process regression. Deep LAC: Deep localization, alignment and classification for fine-grained recognition. ℋC-search for structured prediction in computer vision. A statistical model of Riemannian metric variation for deformable shape analysis. Real time robust L1 tracker using accelerated proximal gradient approach. Decomposable Nonlocal Tensor Dictionary Learning for Multispectral Image Denoising. On the regularization of image semantics by modal expansion. A simple prior-free method for non-rigid structure-from-motion factorization. Nested motion descriptors. Nonparametric Label-to-Region by search. Layered object detection for multi-class segmentation. Newton Greedy Pursuit: A Quadratic Approximation Method for Sparsity-Constrained Optimization. Visual recognition and detection under bounded computational resources. Hierarchical matching with side information for image classification. Fine-grained histopathological image analysis via robust segmentation and large-scale retrieval. Action recognition from a distributed representation of pose and appearance. Classification with scattering operators. Two perceptually motivated strategies for shape classification. Cartesian K-Means. Large-scale damage detection using satellite imagery. Image Matting with Local and Nonlocal Smooth Priors. Pattern-Driven Colorization of 3D Surfaces. Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation with Instance Constraints. Connecting non-quadratic variational models and MRFs. Detecting activities of daily living in first-person camera views. Optimal graph learning with partial tags and multiple features for image and video annotation. Small sample scene categorization from perceptual relations. Accurate 3D face reconstruction from weakly calibrated wide baseline images with profile contours. Learning to compare image patches via convolutional neural networks. Kernel-PCA Analysis of Surface Normals for Shape-from-Shading. Dense Object Reconstruction with Semantic Priors. Reflection detection in image sequences. Learning shared body plans. Illumination invariant feature extraction based on natural images statistics - Taking face images as an example. Illumination-Aware Age Progression. Reliable Patch Trackers: Robust visual tracking by exploiting reliable patches. RGBD-fusion: Real-time high precision depth recovery. Multi-source Deep Learning for Human Pose Estimation. High-frequency shape and albedo from shading using natural image statistics. Multiple dynamic models for tracking the left ventricle of the heart from ultrasound data using particle filters and deep learning architectures. Correlation Filters for Object Alignment. Simultaneous Super-Resolution of Depth and Images Using a Single Camera. Birdsnap: Large-Scale Fine-Grained Visual Categorization of Birds. A Hierarchical Context Model for Event Recognition in Surveillance Video. Spatio-temporal Depth Cuboid Similarity Feature for Activity Recognition Using Depth Camera. Incorporating Structural Alternatives and Sharing into Hierarchy for Multiclass Object Recognition and Detection. Online robust image alignment via iterative convex optimization. Unsupervised Joint Object Discovery and Segmentation in Internet Images. Occlusion boundary detection and figure/ground assignment from optical flow. Player localization using multiple static cameras for sports visualization. Dense Reconstruction Using 3D Object Shape Priors. Manifold Based Dynamic Texture Synthesis from Extremely Few Samples. Semi-coupled dictionary learning with applications to image super-resolution and photo-sketch synthesis. Repetition-based dense single-view reconstruction. Asymmetrical Gauss Mixture Models for Point Sets Matching. Semantics-preserving hashing for cross-view retrieval. Learning to segment under various forms of weak supervision. Geometric properties of multiple reflections in catadioptric camera with two planar mirrors. Auxiliary Cuts for General Classes of Higher Order Functionals. Rigid Motion Segmentation Using Randomized Voting. Action Localization with Tubelets from Motion. Studying Relationships between Human Gaze, Description, and Computer Vision. Icon scanning: Towards next generation QR codes. Graph connectivity in sparse subspace clustering. Discrete hyper-graph matching. Improving the Visual Comprehension of Point Sets. Bayesian sparse representation for hyperspectral image super resolution. Saliency detection via Cellular Automata. Fine-Grained Crowdsourcing for Fine-Grained Recognition. Blocks That Shout: Distinctive Parts for Scene Classification. RASL: Robust alignment by sparse and low-rank decomposition for linearly correlated images. Learning to generate chairs with convolutional neural networks. Deep semantic ranking based hashing for multi-label image retrieval. Nonparametric density estimation on a graph: Learning framework, fast approximation and application in image segmentation. Probabilistic simultaneous pose and non-rigid shape recovery. Patch-Based Evaluation of Image Segmentation. Pedestrian detection aided by deep learning semantic tasks. Multi-view scene flow estimation: A view centered variational approach. Effective 3D object detection and regression using probabilistic segmentation features in CT images. Multi-attribute Queries: To Merge or Not to Merge? Optimal coded sampling for temporal super-resolution. Self-calibrating photometric stereo. Detection- and Trajectory-Level Exclusion in Multiple Object Tracking. Automatic Construction of Deformable Models In-the-Wild. FAST LABEL: Easy and Efficient Solution of Joint Multi-label and Estimation Problems. High-resolution modeling of moving and deforming objects using sparse geometric and dense photometric measurements. The Shape-Time Random Field for Semantic Video Labeling. Sampling bedrooms. Joint segmentation and classification of human actions in video. Learning similarity metrics for dynamic scene segmentation. Depth from optical turbulence. Computing the stereo matching cost with a convolutional neural network. Making the right moves: Guiding alpha-expansion using local primal-dual gaps. Blur kernel estimation using normalized color-line priors. Label propagation in video sequences. High level describable attributes for predicting aesthetics and interestingness. Rolling Riemannian Manifolds to Solve the Multi-class Classification Problem. Statistics of real-world hyperspectral images. Filtered channel features for pedestrian detection. Understanding pedestrian behaviors from stationary crowd groups. Regression Tree Fields - An efficient, non-parametric approach to image labeling problems. Two-View Camera Housing Parameters Calibration for Multi-layer Flat Refractive Interface. Investigating Haze-Relevant Features in a Learning Framework for Image Dehazing. Graph-Based Discriminative Learning for Location Recognition. Multi-target Tracking by Lagrangian Relaxation to Min-cost Network Flow. Attribute-centric recognition for cross-category generalization. Part-based modelling of compound scenes from images. Non-parametric Bayesian Constrained Local Models. Fusing Depth from Defocus and Stereo with Coded Apertures. Nonparametric kernel estimators for image classification. Heat diffusion over weighted manifolds: A new descriptor for textured 3D non-rigid shapes. A direct formulation for totally-corrective multi-class boosting. Parsing façade with rank-one approximation. Unsupervised Salience Learning for Person Re-identification. Transformation of Markov Random Fields for marginal distribution estimation. Boundary Learning by Optimization with Topological Constraints. Modeling Image Patches with a Generic Dictionary of Mini-epitomes. 2D Human Pose Estimation: New Benchmark and State of the Art Analysis. A theory of plenoptic multiplexing. Human Action Recognition Based on Context-Dependent Graph Kernels. Mining discriminative co-occurrence patterns for visual recognition. Learning the right model: Efficient max-margin learning in Laplacian CRFs. Subgraph matching using compactness prior for robust feature correspondence. Segmenting video into classes of algorithm-suitability. Separation of Line Drawings Based on Split Faces for 3D Object Reconstruction. Online continuous stereo extrinsic parameter estimation. Dynamic Scene Classification: Learning Motion Descriptors with Slow Features Analysis. PatchMatch Based Joint View Selection and Depthmap Estimation. Chaotic invariants of Lagrangian particle trajectories for anomaly detection in crowded scenes. Learning an efficient model of hand shape variation from depth images. Ground Plane Estimation Using a Hidden Markov Model. Large-scale image categorization with explicit data embedding. Dirichlet-Based Histogram Feature Transform for Image Classification. Automatic construction Of robust spherical harmonic subspaces. MAP Visibility Estimation for Large-Scale Dynamic 3D Reconstruction. Bilevel sparse coding for coupled feature spaces. Connecting modalities: Semi-supervised segmentation and annotation of images using unaligned text corpora. Articulated and Restricted Motion Subspaces and Their Signatures. Dynamic and scalable large scale image reconstruction. Bayes Merging of Multiple Vocabularies for Scalable Image Retrieval. Scene shape from texture of objects. Exploiting the Power of Stereo Confidences. CRAM: Compact representation of actions in movies. Tracking Sports Players with Context-Conditioned Motion Models. Unified Face Analysis by Iterative Multi-output Random Forests. Embedded phase shifting: Robust phase shifting with embedded signals. Shape-based similarity retrieval of Doppler images for clinical decision support. SWIGS: A Swift Guided Sampling Method. Pose-conditioned joint angle limits for 3D human pose reconstruction. Fast and accurate image upscaling with super-resolution forests. Learning Discriminative Illumination and Filters for Raw Material Classification with Optimal Projections of Bidirectional Texture Functions. Nonparametric image parsing using adaptive neighbor sets. Exemplar-based human action pose correction and tagging. sLLE: Spherical locally linear embedding with applications to tomography. Learning Class-to-Image Distance with Object Matchings. Is Rotation a Nuisance in Shape Recognition? Subspace clustering by Mixture of Gaussian Regression. A Fast Approximate AIB Algorithm for Distributional Word Clustering. Are Cars Just 3D Boxes? Jointly Estimating the 3D Shape of Multiple Objects. Beyond Principal Components: Deep Boltzmann Machines for face modeling. Weakly Supervised Multiclass Video Segmentation. Cross-view action recognition via view knowledge transfer. High-quality shape from multi-view stereo and shading under general illumination. Incorporating User Interaction and Topological Constraints within Contour Completion via Discrete Calculus. Affine-invariant diffusion geometry for the analysis of deformable 3D shapes. Class consistent multi-modal fusion with binary features. Label-Embedding for Attribute-Based Classification. Single-image estimation of the camera response function in near-lighting. Local Regularity-Driven City-Scale Facade Detection from Aerial Images. Which parts of the face give out your identity? Markov Weight Fields for face sketch synthesis. A Probabilistic Framework for Multitarget Tracking with Mutual Occlusions. Estimating satellite attitude from pushbroom sensors. Region moments: Fast invariant descriptors for detecting small image structures. Baby talk: Understanding and generating simple image descriptions. Contextualizing object detection and classification. Exploiting Shading Cues in Kinect IR Images for Geometry Refinement. Registration for 3D surfaces with large deformations using quasi-conformal curvature flow. Accurate depth map estimation from a lenslet light field camera. Coupled information-theoretic encoding for face photo-sketch recognition. Depth from Diffusion. Group motion segmentation using a Spatio-Temporal Driving Force Model. Feature-domain super-resolution framework for Gabor-based face and iris recognition. Representing and Discovering Adversarial Team Behaviors Using Player Roles. A Compact and Discriminative Face Track Descriptor. A-Optimal Non-negative Projection for image representation. Dense, accurate optical flow estimation with piecewise parametric model. ConceptLearner: Discovering visual concepts from weakly labeled image collections. Weakly supervised object detection with convex clustering. Preconditioning for Accelerated Iteratively Reweighted Least Squares in Structured Sparsity Reconstruction. Category-specific object reconstruction from a single image. Discriminative K-SVD for dictionary learning in face recognition. Beyond Point Clouds: Scene Understanding by Reasoning Geometry and Physics. Shape-tailored local descriptors and their application to segmentation and tracking. Weakly supervised sparse coding with geometric consistency pooling. What is optimized in tight convex relaxations for multi-label problems? Fast computation of min-Hash signatures for image collections. Learning a sequential search for landmarks. Activity recognition using dynamic subspace angles. Non-parametric Filtering for Geometric Detail Extraction and Material Representation. Active Pictorial Structures. Convex shape decomposition. Photometric refinement of depth maps for multi-albedo objects. An automatic unsupervised classification of MR images in Alzheimer's disease. An analysis of color demosaicing in plenoptic cameras. Randomized Max-Margin Compositions for Visual Recognition. Layer Depth Denoising and Completion for Structured-Light RGB-D Cameras. Small instance detection by integer programming on object density maps. Object retrieval and localization with spatially-constrained similarity measure and k-NN re-ranking. Supervised Semantic Gradient Extraction Using Linear-Time Optimization. ARISTA - image search to annotation on billions of web photos. Modeling pixel process with scale invariant local patterns for background subtraction in complex scenes. A bundle approach to efficient MAP-inference by Lagrangian relaxation. Fully convolutional networks for semantic segmentation. Boosted local structured HOG-LBP for object localization. Learning to find occlusion regions. Robust Boltzmann Machines for recognition and denoising. Learning contour-fragment-based shape model with And-Or tree representation. Learning Euclidean-to-Riemannian Metric for Point-to-Set Classification. Model recommendation for action recognition. Generalizing Wiberg algorithm for rigid and nonrigid factorizations with missing components and metric constraints. Hybrid shift map for video retargeting. A globally optimal data-driven approach for image distortion estimation. Fast and Robust Archetypal Analysis for Representation Learning. Camera spectral sensitivity estimation from a single image under unknown illumination by using fluorescence. Rectifying rolling shutter video from hand-held devices. Joint inference of groups, events and human roles in aerial videos. Informed Haar-Like Features Improve Pedestrian Detection. Global supervised descent method. Contour cut: Identifying salient contours in images by solving a Hermitian eigenvalue problem. Bayesian adaptive matrix factorization with automatic model selection. Submodular dictionary learning for sparse coding. Seeing the Arrow of Time. Leveraging stereopsis for saliency analysis. A Steiner tree approach to efficient object detection. Supervised Discrete Hashing. Simplified mirror-based camera pose computation via rotation averaging. Discovering localized attributes for fine-grained recognition. Intrinsic images using optimization. Data-driven 3D Voxel Patterns for object category recognition. Contour-based joint clustering of multiple segmentations. WhittleSearch: Image search with relative attribute feedback. Poselet Key-Framing: A Model for Human Activity Recognition. A learning based deformable template matching method for automatic rib centerline extraction and labeling in CT images. Learning scene-specific pedestrian detectors without real data. Depth Super Resolution by Rigid Body Self-Similarity in 3D. Multi-attribute spaces: Calibration for attribute fusion and similarity search. Efficient marginal likelihood optimization in blind deconvolution. Piecewise Planar and Compact Floorplan Reconstruction from Images. RIGOR: Reusing Inference in Graph Cuts for Generating Object Regions. A Multigraph Representation for Improved Unsupervised/Semi-supervised Learning of Human Actions. DeepID-Net: Deformable deep convolutional neural networks for object detection. Unsupervised visual alignment with similarity graphs. Saliency detection by multi-context deep learning. Image Fusion with Local Spectral Consistency and Dynamic Gradient Sparsity. Object association across PTZ cameras using logistic MIL. Camouflaging an Object from Many Viewpoints. Deep hashing for compact binary codes learning. Constrained planar cuts - Object partitioning for point clouds. Fast MRF Optimization with Application to Depth Reconstruction. Graph-based simplex method for pairwise energy minimization with binary variables. Discrete-continuous optimization for large-scale structure from motion. Part Discovery from Partial Correspondence. Hyperbolic Harmonic Mapping for Constrained Brain Surface Registration. Web-scale training for face identification. Turning Mobile Phones into 3D Scanners. Superdifferential cuts for binary energies. Probabilistic learning of task-specific visual attention. Second-order constrained parametric proposals and sequential search-based structured prediction for semantic segmentation in RGB-D images. Estimating the aspect layout of object categories. Structure from motion for scenes with large duplicate structures. Classifying covert photographs. Semantic structure from motion with points, regions, and objects. Rolling Shutter Camera Calibration. Computing similarity transformations from only image correspondences. Learning and Calibrating Per-Location Classifiers for Visual Place Recognition. Active image clustering: Seeking constraints from humans to complement algorithms. Stable Template-Based Isometric 3D Reconstruction in All Imaging Conditions by Linear Least-Squares. Fast directional chamfer matching. O(N) implicit subspace embedding for unsupervised multi-scale image segmentation. Efficient multi-camera detection, tracking, and identification using a shared set of haar-features. Object recognition as ranking holistic figure-ground hypotheses. Unsupervised Learning of Dictionaries of Hierarchical Compositional Models. Superpixel meshes for fast edge-preserving surface reconstruction. GeoF: Geodesic Forests for Learning Coupled Predictors. An approach to vectorial total variation based on geometric measure theory. 3D model-based continuous emotion recognition. Complexity-adaptive distance metric for object proposals generation. Parsing World's Skylines Using Shape-Constrained MRFs. Unnatural L0 Sparse Representation for Natural Image Deblurring. Robust image filtering using joint static and dynamic guidance. Physically Plausible 3D Scene Tracking: The Single Actor Hypothesis. Using 3D scene structure to improve tracking. Warp propagation for video resizing. Video stabilization with a depth camera. Measures and Meta-Measures for the Supervised Evaluation of Image Segmentation. High Resolution 3D Shape Texture from Multiple Videos. Improving object detection with deep convolutional networks via Bayesian optimization and structured prediction. Matching bags of regions in RGBD images. Rank-SIFT: Learning to rank repeatable local interest points. Aggregating gradient distributions into intensity orders: A novel local image descriptor. Understanding image representations by measuring their equivariance and equivalence. Foreground-background segmentation using iterated distribution matching. Recognize complex events from static images by fusing deep channels. A Fast and Robust Algorithm to Count Topologically Persistent Holes in Noisy Clouds. Image webs: Computing and exploiting connectivity in image collections. Progressive shape models. Shape and light directions from shading and polarization. Continuously tracking and see-through occlusion based on a new hybrid synthetic aperture imaging model. Fast and globally optimal single view reconstruction of curved objects. Robust Online Multi-object Tracking Based on Tracklet Confidence and Online Discriminative Appearance Learning. Application of the mean field methods to MRF optimization in computer vision. Scalable object detection by filter compression with regularized sparse coding. Context aware topic model for scene recognition. Enriching Visual Knowledge Bases via Object Discovery and Segmentation. FaceNet: A unified embedding for face recognition and clustering. Deep hierarchical parsing for semantic segmentation. Where's Waldo: Matching people in images of crowds. Privacy preserving optics for miniature vision sensors. Active Contours with Group Similarity. Scalable multi-class object detection. Reflection removal using ghosting cues. Multiview specular stereo reconstruction of large mirror surfaces. Associating neural word embeddings with deep image representations using Fisher Vectors. Joint SFM and detection cues for monocular 3D localization in road scenes. Event-driven stereo matching for real-time 3D panoramic vision. Robust visual tracking via multi-task sparse learning. Manifold blurring mean shift algorithms for manifold denoising. Analytic Bilinear Appearance Subspace Construction for Modeling Image Irradiance under Natural Illumination and Non-Lambertian Reflectance. Seeded watershed cut uncertainty estimators for guided interactive segmentation. Fast bilateral-space stereo for synthetic defocus. Surface Registration by Optimization in Constrained Diffeomorphism Space. Ensemble Video Object Cut in Highly Dynamic Scenes. Depth Acquisition from Density Modulated Binary Patterns. Learning kernels for variants of normalized cuts: Convex relaxations and applications. Discriminative clustering for image co-segmentation. Learning message-passing inference machines for structured prediction. Learning Receptive Fields for Pooling from Tensors of Feature Response. Underwater Camera Calibration Using Wavelength Triangulation. Scalable action recognition with a subspace forest. Material classification with thermal imagery. Detect What You Can: Detecting and Representing Objects Using Holistic Models and Body Parts. Modeling human activities as speech. Complex loss optimization via dual decomposition. Least Soft-Threshold Squares Tracking. Structured Sparse Subspace Clustering: A unified optimization framework. Localizing parts of faces using a consensus of exemplars. Learning SURF Cascade for Fast and Accurate Object Detection. Rapid face recognition using hashing. Shape-based automatic detection of a large number of 3D facial landmarks. Indoor scene structure analysis for single image depth estimation. Pedestrian detection at 100 frames per second. An Approach to Pose-Based Action Recognition. Recognize Human Activities from Partially Observed Videos. Transformation Pursuit for Image Classification. Active Sampling for Subjective Image Quality Assessment. Modeling local and global deformations in Deep Learning: Epitomic convolution, Multiple Instance Learning, and sliding window detection. Fast Multiple-Part Based Object Detection Using KD-Ferns. Scale-Space Processing Using Polynomial Representations. Relative Pose Estimation for a Multi-camera System with Known Vertical Direction. Sparse shape composition: A new framework for shape prior modeling. Can a Fully Unconstrained Imaging Model Be Applied Effectively to Central Cameras? Robust regression on image manifolds for ordered label denoising. Hierarchical Video Representation with Trajectory Binary Partition Tree. Relaxed collaborative representation for pattern classification. Finding action tubes. Illumination estimation and cast shadow detection through a higher-order graphical model. Finding meaning on YouTube: Tag recommendation and category discovery. Parallel graph-cuts by adaptive bottom-up merging. P3.5P: Pose estimation with unknown focal length. Fast pattern matching using orthogonal Haar transform. BOLD - Binary online learned descriptor for efficient image matching. PatchCut: Data-driven object segmentation via local shape transfer. Multi-spectral SIFT for scene category recognition. Weakly-Supervised Dual Clustering for Image Semantic Segmentation. Procrustean Normal Distribution for Non-rigid Structure from Motion. Object-based RGBD image co-segmentation with mutex constraint. Online sketching hashing. Joint calibration of Ensemble of Exemplar SVMs. Image annotation using bi-relational graph of images and semantic labels. Learning Multiple Non-linear Sub-spaces Using K-RBMs. Multiview Shape and Reflectance from Natural Illumination. On learning optimized reaction diffusion processes for effective image restoration. Hierarchical recurrent neural network for skeleton based action recognition. Accurate Object Detection with Joint Classification-Regression Random Forests. Deep Convolutional Network Cascade for Facial Point Detection. Landmarks-based kernelized subspace alignment for unsupervised domain adaptation. Inferring Analogous Attributes. NonLinear refinement of structure from motion reconstruction by taking advantage of a partial knowledge of the environment. Remote Heart Rate Measurement from Face Videos under Realistic Situations. From Stochastic Grammar to Bayes Network: Probabilistic Parsing of Complex Activity. Linear Ranking Analysis. An efficient volumetric framework for shape tracking. Separable Dictionary Learning. Learning context for collective activity recognition. Salient Object Subitizing. A Procrustean Markov Process for Non-rigid Structure Recovery. Clothing Co-parsing by Joint Image Segmentation and Labeling. A metric parametrization for trifocal tensors with non-colinear pinholes. Supervised descriptor learning for multi-output regression. Pose-robust albedo estimation from a single image. Explicit Occlusion Modeling for 3D Object Class Representations. Beta Process Multiple Kernel Learning. What Are You Talking About? Text-to-Image Coreference. Non-sparse linear representations for visual tracking with online reservoir metric learning. The importance of intermediate representations for the modeling of 2D shape detection: Endstopping and curvature tuned computations. K-Means Hashing: An Affinity-Preserving Quantization Method for Learning Binary Compact Codes. Multi-level inference by relaxed dual decomposition for human pose segmentation. What are good parts for hair shape modeling? Depth camera tracking with contour cues. Adaptive Active Learning for Image Classification. Learning object relationships via graph-based context model. Image Tag Completion via Image-Specific and Tag-Specific Linear Sparse Reconstructions. Region-Based Discriminative Feature Pooling for Scene Text Recognition. A MRF shape prior for facade parsing with occlusions. Multiple Target Tracking Based on Undirected Hierarchical Relation Hypergraph. The Schrödinger distance transform (SDT) for point-sets and curves. Hypergraphs for Joint Multi-view Reconstruction and Multi-object Tracking. Scene flow estimation by growing correspondence seeds. Learning descriptors for object recognition and 3D pose estimation. Person re-identification by symmetry-driven accumulation of local features. Decomposing global light transport using time of flight imaging. Learning to recognize shadows in monochromatic natural images. The chains model for detecting parts by their context. Efficient illuminant estimation for color constancy using grey pixels. A Minimum Error Vanishing Point Detection Approach for Uncalibrated Monocular Images of Man-Made Environments. Optimized Product Quantization for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search. A theory of multi-perspective defocusing. SphereFlow: 6 DoF Scene Flow from RGB-D Pairs. Riemannian coding and dictionary learning: Kernels to the rescue. Computing nearest-neighbor fields via Propagation-Assisted KD-Trees. AAM based face tracking with temporal matching and face segmentation. Semi-supervised video segmentation using tree structured graphical models. Discriminative spatial saliency for image classification. Discriminative feature fusion for image classification. Manhattan Junction Catalogue for Spatial Reasoning of Indoor Scenes. Multimodal Learning in Loosely-Organized Web Images. 3D deep shape descriptor. Online multiple instance learning with no regret. Congruency-Based Reranking. Scalable 3D Tracking of Multiple Interacting Objects. Local features are not lonely - Laplacian sparse coding for image classification. Image matching using local symmetry features. Diffusion Processes for Retrieval Revisited. Grouplet: A structured image representation for recognizing human and object interactions. Learning Non-linear Reconstruction Models for Image Set Classification. Basis mapping based boosting for object detection. The Role of Context for Object Detection and Semantic Segmentation in the Wild. Aerial Reconstructions via Probabilistic Data Fusion. A New Perspective on Material Classification and Ink Identification. Vector array based Multi-View Face Detection with compound exemplars. Predicting the future behavior of a time-varying probability distribution. Face illumination transfer through edge-preserving filters. Direct structure estimation for 3D reconstruction. Robust Scale Estimation in Real-Time Monocular SFM for Autonomous Driving. Critical Configurations for Radial Distortion Self-Calibration. From partial shape matching through local deformation to robust global shape similarity for object detection. Story-Driven Summarization for Egocentric Video. Geodesic flow kernel for unsupervised domain adaptation. Admissible linear map models of linear cameras. Efficient structure detection via random consensus graph. Dense 3D Reconstruction from Severely Blurred Images Using a Single Moving Camera. Automatic image annotation using group sparsity. Occlusion Patterns for Object Class Detection. Fast dynamic programming for labeling problems with ordering constraints. Saturation-preserving specular reflection separation. Global optimization for estimating a BRDF with multiple specular lobes. Handling motion blur in multi-frame super-resolution. Single-Sample Face Recognition with Image Corruption and Misalignment via Sparse Illumination Transfer. T-Linkage: A Continuous Relaxation of J-Linkage for Multi-model Fitting. Beyond Alhazen's problem: Analytical projection model for non-central catadioptric cameras with quadric mirrors. Groupwise Registration via Graph Shrinkage on the Image Manifold. Learning effective human pose estimation from inaccurate annotation. Learning mid-level features for recognition. Multiscale geometric and spectral analysis of plane arrangements. Spherical embeddings for non-Euclidean dissimilarities. Using cloud shadows to infer scene structure and camera calibration. Transform coding for fast approximate nearest neighbor search in high dimensions. Generalized Deformable Spatial Pyramid: Geometry-preserving dense correspondence estimation. A Hough transform-based voting framework for action recognition. Partial Optimality by Pruning for MAP-Inference with General Graphical Models. Scale resilient, rotation invariant articulated object matching. 
Target-Driven Moire Pattern Synthesis by Phase Modulation. Neighbor-to-Neighbor Search for Fast Coding of Feature Vectors. Hidden Factor Analysis for Age Invariant Face Recognition. Scale and object aware image retargeting for thumbnail browsing. Semantically-Based Human Scanpath Estimation with HMMs. Corrected-Moment Illuminant Estimation. Shape Index Descriptors Applied to Texture-Based Galaxy Analysis. Learning nonlinear distance functions using neural network for regression with application to robust human age estimation. Sparse Variation Dictionary Learning for Face Recognition with a Single Training Sample per Person. Modeling 4D Human-Object Interactions for Event and Object Recognition. Strong Appearance and Expressive Spatial Models for Human Pose Estimation. Revisiting radiometric calibration for color computer vision. Locally rigid globally non-rigid surface registration. Unsupervised Random Forest Manifold Alignment for Lipreading. Bayesian Joint Topic Modelling for Weakly Supervised Object Localisation. Efficient regression of general-activity human poses from depth images. Total Variation Regularization for Functions with Values in a Manifold. Learning component-level sparse representation using histogram information for image classification. Analysis of Scores, Datasets, and Models in Visual Saliency Prediction. The Moving Pose: An Efficient 3D Kinematics Descriptor for Low-Latency Action Recognition and Detection. Random Grids: Fast Approximate Nearest Neighbors and Range Searching for Image Search. Elastic Net Constraints for Shape Matching. Automated corpus callosum extraction via Laplace-Beltrami nodal parcellation and intrinsic geodesic curvature flows on surfaces. Like Father, Like Son: Facial Expression Dynamics for Kinship Verification. The Way They Move: Tracking Multiple Targets with Similar Appearance. Exemplar-Based Graph Matching for Robust Facial Landmark Localization. Learning specific-class segmentation from diverse data. Local Intensity Order Pattern for feature description. Discovering object instances from scenes of Daily Living. Scan rectification for structured light range sensors with rolling shutters. Internet Based Morphable Model. Attribute Dominance: What Pops Out? Modeling the Calibration Pipeline of the Lytro Camera for High Quality Light-Field Image Reconstruction. Viewpoint-aware object detection and pose estimation. Compositional Models for Video Event Detection: A Multiple Kernel Learning Latent Variable Approach. Simultaneous correspondence and non-rigid 3D reconstruction of the coronary tree from single X-ray images. Unsupervised and semi-supervised learning via ℓ1-norm graph. Partial Sum Minimization of Singular Values in RPCA for Low-Level Vision. 2D-3D fusion for layer decomposition of urban facades. Category-Independent Object-Level Saliency Detection. Active clustering of document fragments using information derived from both images and catalogs. Structured Forests for Fast Edge Detection. Introducing total curvature for image processing. NEIL: Extracting Visual Knowledge from Web Data. Image Set Classification Using Holistic Multiple Order Statistics Features and Localized Multi-kernel Metric Learning. Fusing generic objectness and visual saliency for salient object detection. Outdoor human motion capture using inverse kinematics and von mises-fisher sampling. A Robust Analytical Solution to Isometric Shape-from-Template with Focal Length Calibration. Data-Driven 3D Primitives for Single Image Understanding. Mining Motion Atoms and Phrases for Complex Action Recognition. Dynamic Pooling for Complex Event Recognition. Frustratingly Easy NBNN Domain Adaptation. Recognizing jumbled images: The role of local and global information in image classification. Semantic Segmentation without Annotating Segments. A Direct Least-Squares (DLS) method for PnP. How Do You Tell a Blackbird from a Crow? Latent Multitask Learning for View-Invariant Action Recognition. Stable Hyper-pooling and Query Expansion for Event Detection. Multi-label visual classification with label exclusive context. Modeling Self-Occlusions in Dynamic Shape and Appearance Tracking. Scene Text Localization and Recognition with Oriented Stroke Detection. On the Mean Curvature Flow on Graphs with Applications in Image and Manifold Processing. A General Dense Image Matching Framework Combining Direct and Feature-Based Costs. Pictorial Human Spaces: How Well Do Humans Perceive a 3D Articulated Pose? Discriminative Label Propagation for Multi-object Tracking with Sporadic Appearance Features. A graph-matching kernel for object categorization. Learning spatiotemporal graphs of human activities. Realtime multibody visual SLAM with a smoothly moving monocular camera. Smooth object retrieval using a bag of boundaries. Holistic Scene Understanding for 3D Object Detection with RGBD Cameras. A convex framework for image segmentation with moment constraints. Learning equivariant structured output SVM regressors. Flattening Supervoxel Hierarchies by the Uniform Entropy Slice. Multi-view Normal Field Integration for 3D Reconstruction of Mirroring Objects. Automatic Kronecker Product Model Based Detection of Repeated Patterns in 2D Urban Images. Temporally coded flash illumination for motion deblurring. Semantic Transform: Weakly Supervised Semantic Inference for Relating Visual Attributes. Query-Adaptive Asymmetrical Dissimilarities for Visual Object Retrieval. Scalable object-class retrieval with approximate and top-k ranking. Evaluation of image features using a photorealistic virtual world. Training Deformable Part Models with Decorrelated Features. A Rotational Stereo Model Based on XSlit Imaging. Locally Affine Sparse-to-Dense Matching for Motion and Occlusion Estimation. Accurate and Robust 3D Facial Capture Using a Single RGBD Camera. Go-ICP: Solving 3D Registration Efficiently and Globally Optimally. Diffuse reflectance imaging with astronomical applications. Sequential Bayesian Model Update under Structured Scene Prior for Semantic Road Scenes Labeling. Support Surface Prediction in Indoor Scenes. HMDB: A large video database for human motion recognition. Saliency and Human Fixations: State-of-the-Art and Study of Comparison Metrics. Efficient similarity search for covariance matrices via the Jensen-Bregman LogDet Divergence. Multi-view Object Segmentation in Space and Time. Latent Space Sparse Subspace Clustering. Coherency Sensitive Hashing. Markov Network-Based Unified Classifier for Face Identification. Correlation Adaptive Subspace Segmentation by Trace Lasso. Uncertainty-Driven Efficiently-Sampled Sparse Graphical Models for Concurrent Tumor Segmentation and Atlas Registration. Pose estimation from reflections for specular surface recovery. Optimal object matching via convexification and composition. NYC3DCars: A Dataset of 3D Vehicles in Geographic Context. Street View Motion-from-Structure-from-Motion. SUN3D: A Database of Big Spaces Reconstructed Using SfM and Object Labels. The generalized trace-norm and its application to structure-from-motion problems. Building Part-Based Object Detectors via 3D Geometry. Efficient Hand Pose Estimation from a Single Depth Image. Image Segmentation with Cascaded Hierarchical Models and Logistic Disjunctive Normal Networks. Unwrapping low-rank textures on generalized cylindrical surfaces. Multi-stage Contextual Deep Learning for Pedestrian Detection. The medial feature detector: Stable regions from image boundaries. Inferring human gaze from appearance via adaptive linear regression. Partial Enumeration and Curvature Regularization. Model Recommendation with Virtual Probes for Egocentric Hand Detection. Detecting Avocados to Zucchinis: What Have We Done, and Where Are We Going? Optimal Orthogonal Basis and Image Assimilation: Motion Modeling. Fully automatic pose-invariant face recognition via 3D pose normalization. Offline Mobile Instance Retrieval with a Small Memory Footprint. High Quality Shape from a Single RGB-D Image under Uncalibrated Natural Illumination. Attribute Adaptation for Personalized Image Search. Probabilistic image segmentation with closedness constraints. Full DOF tracking of a hand interacting with an object by modeling occlusions and physical constraints. Structured class-labels in random forests for semantic image labelling. Fast Subspace Search via Grassmannian Based Hashing. A new distance for scale-invariant 3D shape recognition and registration. Modifying the Memorability of Face Photographs. Sparse representation or collaborative representation: Which helps face recognition? Towards Motion Aware Light Field Video for Dynamic Scenes. The truth about cats and dogs. 3D Sub-query Expansion for Improving Sketch-Based Multi-view Image Retrieval. Probabilistic 3D object recognition with both positive and negative evidences. SYM-FISH: A Symmetry-Aware Flip Invariant Sketch Histogram Shape Descriptor. Pose Estimation with Unknown Focal Length Using Points, Directions and Lines. Estimating the Material Properties of Fabric from Video. Correlative multi-label multi-instance image annotation. Hierarchical Part Matching for Fine-Grained Visual Categorization. A theory of Coprime Blurred Pairs. Measuring Flow Complexity in Videos. Annotator rationales for visual recognition. A New Image Quality Metric for Image Auto-denoising. Face recognition via local sparse coding. Semi-supervised learning and optimization for hypergraph matching. Bayesian Robust Matrix Factorization for Image and Video Processing. A nonparametric Riemannian framework on tensor field with application to foreground segmentation. Informative feature selection for object recognition via Sparse PCA. An adaptive coupled-layer visual model for robust visual tracking. Modeling image similarity by Gaussian mixture models and the Signature Quadratic Form Distance. Scale space for central catadioptric systems: Towards a generic camera feature extractor. A 3D Laplacian-driven parametric deformable model. Generalized ordering constraints for multilabel optimization. Scene Collaging: Analysis and Synthesis of Natural Images with Semantic Layers. Minimum near-convex decomposition for robust shape representation. Concurrent Action Detection with Structural Prediction. A data-driven approach for real-time full body pose reconstruction from a depth camera. Large-Scale Video Hashing via Structure Learning. Fast image-based localization using direct 2D-to-3D matching. Robust topological features for deformation invariant image matching. Extrinsic Camera Calibration without a Direct View Using Spherical Mirror. Silhouette-based object phenotype recognition using 3D shape priors. Coupling Alignments with Recognition for Still-to-Video Face Recognition. Image Retrieval Using Textual Cues. Learning parameterized histogram kernels on the simplex manifold for image and action classification. Multiview structure from motion in trajectory space. A New Adaptive Segmental Matching Measure for Human Activity Recognition. Affine-Constrained Group Sparse Coding and Its Application to Image-Based Classifications. Constructing Adaptive Complex Cells for Robust Visual Tracking. N-best maximal decoders for part models. Point-Based 3D Reconstruction of Thin Objects. Robust Face Landmark Estimation under Occlusion. Video Co-segmentation for Meaningful Action Extraction. Learning Hash Codes with Listwise Supervision. Learning universal multi-view age estimator using video context. Geometric Registration Based on Distortion Estimation. Learning to Rank Using Privileged Information. Optimization Problems for Fast AAM Fitting in-the-Wild. Unifying Nuclear Norm and Bilinear Factorization Approaches for Low-Rank Matrix Decomposition. Fluttering Pattern Generation Using Modified Legendre Sequence for Coded Exposure Imaging. Material-specific user colour profiles from imaging spectroscopy data. 3DNN: Viewpoint Invariant 3D Geometry Matching for Scene Understanding. Cascaded Shape Space Pruning for Robust Facial Landmark Detection. YouTube2Text: Recognizing and Describing Arbitrary Activities Using Semantic Hierarchies and Zero-Shot Recognition. Kinecting the dots: Particle based scene flow from depth sensors. Slow feature analysis and decorrelation filtering for separating correlated sources. Complementary hashing for approximate nearest neighbor search. Dynamic subspace-based coordinated multicamera tracking. Handling Uncertain Tags in Visual Recognition. Synergistic Clustering of Image and Segment Descriptors for Unsupervised Scene Understanding. Camera Alignment Using Trajectory Intersections in Unsynchronized Videos. Saliency Detection via Dense and Sparse Reconstruction. Segmentation fusion for connectomics. Real-Time Body Tracking with One Depth Camera and Inertial Sensors. Centralized sparse representation for image restoration. Shortest Paths with Curvature and Torsion. Allocentric Pose Estimation. Action Recognition with Improved Trajectories. Real-time indoor scene understanding using Bayesian filtering with motion cues. Action recognition in cluttered dynamic scenes using Pose-Specific Part Models. Video Motion for Every Visible Point. Optimal estimation of vanishing points in a Manhattan world. Physically-based motion models for 3D tracking: A convex formulation. Diffusion runs low on persistence fast. Human Attribute Recognition by Rich Appearance Dictionary. A Unified Video Segmentation Benchmark: Annotation, Metrics and Analysis. Point-based calibration using a parametric representation of the general imaging model. Key-segments for video object segmentation. Handling outliers in non-blind image deconvolution. Potts Model, Parametric Maxflow and K-Submodular Functions. Unsupervised Visual Domain Adaptation Using Subspace Alignment. Video parsing for abnormality detection. Stereo time-of-flight. End-to-end scene text recognition. Quadruplet-Wise Image Similarity Learning. A robust pipeline for rapid feature-based pre-alignment of dense range scans. Unbiased Metric Learning: On the Utilization of Multiple Datasets and Web Images for Softening Bias. Distributed Low-Rank Subspace Segmentation. The power of comparative reasoning. Coupled Dictionary and Feature Space Learning with Applications to Cross-Domain Image Synthesis and Recognition. Simultaneous Clustering and Tracklet Linking for Multi-face Tracking in Videos. Network Principles for SfM: Disambiguating Repeated Structures with Local Context. Regionlets for Generic Object Detection. Restoring an Image Taken through a Window Covered with Dirt or Rain. Sparse multi-task regression and feature selection to identify brain imaging predictors for memory performance. Detecting Curved Symmetric Parts Using a Deformable Disc Model. Optical Flow via Locally Adaptive Fusion of Complementary Data Costs. Towards Understanding Action Recognition. PM-Huber: PatchMatch with Huber Regularization for Stereo Matching. Non-convex P-Norm Projection for Robust Sparsity. Spatial pyramid co-occurrence for image classification. HOGgles: Visualizing Object Detection Features. Parsing video events with goal inference and intent prediction. A geometric solver for calibrated stereo egomotion. A Deformable Mixture Parsing Model with Parselets. Bird Part Localization Using Exemplar-Based Models with Enforced Pose and Subcategory Consistency. Abnormal Event Detection at 150 FPS in MATLAB. Event Detection in Complex Scenes Using Interval Temporal Constraints. Dense disparity maps from sparse disparity measurements. Multimodal templates for real-time detection of texture-less objects in heavily cluttered scenes. Unsupervised metric learning for face identification in TV video. Depth from Combining Defocus and Correspondence Using Light-Field Cameras. Non-stationary correction of optical aberrations. Find the Best Path: An Efficient and Accurate Classifier for Image Hierarchies. Large-Scale Image Annotation by Efficient and Robust Kernel Metric Learning. Coherent Motion Segmentation in Moving Camera Videos Using Optical Flow Orientations. Predicting occupation via human clothing and contexts. Discriminative multi-manifold analysis for face recognition from a single training sample per person. Generalized roof duality for pseudo-boolean optimization. Discovering Details and Scene Structure with Hierarchical Iconoid Shift. Joint Inverted Indexing. Joint Learning of Discriminative Prototypes and Large Margin Nearest Neighbor Classifiers. Inferring social relations from visual concepts. A graph cut algorithm for higher-order Markov Random Fields. Direct Optimization of Frame-to-Frame Rotation. A dimensionality result for multiple homography matrices. Scene recognition and weakly supervised object localization with deformable part-based models. Robust Object Tracking with Online Multi-lifespan Dictionary Learning. Localized principal component analysis based curve evolution: A divide and conquer approach. Gradient-based learning of higher-order image features. Tracking Revisited Using RGBD Camera: Unified Benchmark and Baselines. Superpixels via pseudo-Boolean optimization. Handling Occlusions with Franken-Classifiers. A Practical Transfer Learning Algorithm for Face Verification. Robust and efficient parametric face alignment. Action Recognition and Localization by Hierarchical Space-Time Segments. Compact correlation coding for visual object categorization. Joint Optimization for Consistent Multiple Graph Matching. A Color Constancy Model with Double-Opponency Mechanisms. Geometrically consistent elastic matching of 3D shapes: A linear programming solution. Gaussian process regression flow for analysis of motion trajectories. Structured Light in Sunlight. Higher Order Matching for Consistent Multiple Target Tracking. Modeling Occlusion by Discriminative AND-OR Structures. New Graph Structured Sparsity Model for Multi-label Image Annotations. Refractive Structure-from-Motion on Underwater Images. Predicting Sufficient Annotation Strength for Interactive Foreground Segmentation. Single-Patch Low-Rank Prior for Non-pointwise Impulse Noise Removal. A General Two-Step Approach to Learning-Based Hashing. Tracking via Robust Multi-task Multi-view Joint Sparse Representation. Content-Aware Rotation. Decomposing Bag of Words Histograms. Automatic construction of an action video shot database using web videos. Fusing visual and range imaging for object class recognition. Bounded Labeling Function for Global Segmentation of Multi-part Objects with Geometric Constraints. High quality image reconstruction from RAW and JPEG image pair. Manhattan scene understanding using monocular, stereo, and 3D features. Space-Time Tradeoffs in Photo Sequencing. Toward Guaranteed Illumination Models for Non-convex Objects. Understanding scenes on many levels. Integrating local classifiers through nonlinear dynamics on label graphs with an application to image segmentation. Fibonacci Exposure Bracketing for High Dynamic Range Imaging. Supervised Binary Hash Code Learning with Jensen Shannon Divergence. Unsupervised Intrinsic Calibration from a Single Frame Using a "Plumb-Line" Approach. Understanding egocentric activities. Ensemble of exemplar-SVMs for object detection and beyond. Shufflets: Shared Mid-level Parts for Fast Object Detection. Group Norm for Learning Structured SVMs with Unstructured Latent Variables. Sieving Regression Forest Votes for Facial Feature Detection in the Wild. Heterogeneous Image Features Integration via Multi-modal Semi-supervised Learning Model. Exemplar extraction using spatio-temporal hierarchical agglomerative clustering for face recognition in video. Blurring-invariant Riemannian metrics for comparing signals and images. Predicting Primary Gaze Behavior Using Social Saliency Fields. Local Signal Equalization for Correspondence Matching. Cross-Field Joint Image Restoration via Scale Map. Piecewise Rigid Scene Flow. Home 3D body scans from noisy image and range data. Exploiting Reflection Change for Automatic Reflection Removal. The Interestingness of Images. Robust Tucker Tensor Decomposition for Effective Image Representation. Means in spaces of tree-like shapes. Semantic contours from inverse detectors. Discriminative learning of relaxed hierarchy for large-scale visual recognition. From Where and How to What We See. Multi-scale Topological Features for Hand Posture Representation and Analysis. Randomized Ensemble Tracking. Fast removal of non-uniform camera shake. Domain Adaptive Classification. An Adaptive Descriptor Design for Object Recognition in the Wild. PhotoOCR: Reading Text in Uncontrolled Conditions. ACTIVE: Activity Concept Transitions in Video Event Classification. Adaptive deconvolutional networks for mid and high level feature learning. Action Recognition with Actons. Multi-view repetitive structure detection. Cosegmentation and Cosketch by Unsupervised Learning. Assessing the aesthetic quality of photographs using generic image descriptors. Dynamic texture classification using dynamic fractal analysis. Pose, illumination and expression invariant pairwise face-similarity measure via Doppelgänger list comparison. Learning the Visual Interpretation of Sentences. Elastic Fragments for Dense Scene Reconstruction. Active scene recognition with vision and language. Single-shot high dynamic range imaging with conventional camera hardware. Extracting foreground masks towards object recognition. An adversarial optimization approach to efficient outlier removal. Robust Non-parametric Data Fitting for Correspondence Modeling. Large-scale image annotation using visual synset. Implied Feedback: Learning Nuances of User Behavior in Image Search. Weakly supervised semantic segmentation with a multi-image model. Finding Causal Interactions in Video Sequences. A Convex Optimization Framework for Active Learning. In defense of soft-assignment coding. Nonparametric Blind Super-resolution. Minimal Basis Facility Location for Subspace Segmentation. A Method of Perceptual-Based Shape Decomposition. Linear stereo matching. Birdlets: Subordinate categorization using volumetric primitives and pose-normalized appearance. Dynamic Scene Deblurring. Combining the Right Features for Complex Event Recognition. Actively selecting annotations among objects and attributes. From Actemes to Action: A Strongly-Supervised Representation for Detailed Action Understanding. Forward Motion Deblurring. Adapting Classification Cascades to New Domains. Revisiting the PnP Problem: A Fast, General and Optimal Solution. Distributed cosegmentation via submodular optimization on anisotropic diffusion. Deep Learning Identity-Preserving Face Space. Geometrically consistent stereo seam carving. Semi-supervised Learning for Large Scale Image Cosegmentation. Speeded-up, relaxed spatial matching. Shared shape spaces. Modeling temporal coherence for optical flow. Human activity prediction: Early recognition of ongoing activities from streaming videos. Convex multi-region probabilistic segmentation with shape prior in the isometric log-ratio transformation space. Online Video SEEDS for Temporal Window Objectness. Inferring "Dark Matter" and "Dark Energy" from Videos. Detailed reconstruction of 3D plant root shape. Efficient 3D Scene Labeling Using Fields of Trees. Learning Graphs to Match. StereoCut: Consistent interactive object selection in stereo image pairs. Estimating Human Pose with Flowing Puppets. Stereo reconstruction using high order likelihood. Dyadic transfer learning for cross-domain image classification. Unsupervised learning of a scene-specific coarse gaze estimator. Contextual weighting for vocabulary tree based image retrieval. Tracking multiple people under global appearance constraints. Optimizing polynomial solvers for minimal geometry problems. Superpixel tracking. Spoken Attributes: Mixing Binary and Relative Attributes to Say the Right Thing. Fast Sparsity-Based Orthogonal Dictionary Learning for Image Restoration. Paper Doll Parsing: Retrieving Similar Styles to Parse Clothing Items. Treat samples differently: Object tracking with semi-supervised online CovBoost. Efficient algorithm for low-rank matrix factorization with missing components and performance comparison of latest algorithms. Feature seeding for action recognition. From Subcategories to Visual Composites: A Multi-level Framework for Object Detection. Multiview 3D warps. 3D reconstruction of a smooth articulated trajectory from a monocular image sequence. Accurate Blur Models vs. Image Priors in Single Image Super-resolution. Trajectory reconstruction from non-overlapping surveillance cameras with relative depth ordering constraints. Online Motion Segmentation Using Dynamic Label Propagation. Unsupervised Domain Adaptation by Domain Invariant Projection. Tasting families of features for image classification. Fast Neighborhood Graph Search Using Cartesian Concatenation. Rank Minimization across Appearance and Shape for AAM Ensemble Fitting. Real-Time Articulated Hand Pose Estimation Using Semi-supervised Transductive Regression Forests. Deformable Part Descriptors for Fine-Grained Recognition and Attribute Prediction. Fast High Dimensional Vector Multiplication Face Recognition. Pose-Configurable Generic Tracking of Elongated Objects. Learning to predict the perceived visual quality of photos. A Novel Earth Mover's Distance Methodology for Image Matching with Gaussian Mixture Models. Level-set person segmentation and tracking with multi-region appearance models and top-down shape information. GOSUS: Grassmannian Online Subspace Updates with Structured-Sparsity. Understanding High-Level Semantics by Modeling Traffic Patterns. Probabilistic Elastic Part Model for Unsupervised Face Detector Adaptation. Active Visual Recognition with Expertise Estimation in Crowdsourcing. Box in the Box: Joint 3D Layout and Object Reasoning from Single Images. Sorted Random Projections for robust texture classification. A Max-Margin Perspective on Sparse Representation-Based Classification. Efficient learning of sparse, distributed, convolutional feature representations for object recognition. Constant Time Weighted Median Filtering for Stereo Matching and Beyond. Unsupervised metric learning by Self-Smoothing Operator. Live Metric 3D Reconstruction on Mobile Phones. Markov Random Field-based fitting of a subdivision-based geometric atlas. Pedestrian Parsing via Deep Decompositional Network. Source constrained clustering. Directed Acyclic Graph Kernels for Action Recognition. Drosophila Embryo Stage Annotation Using Label Propagation. Event Recognition in Photo Collections with a Stopwatch HMM. Learning a mixture of sparse distance metrics for classification and dimensionality reduction. Efficient Salient Region Detection with Soft Image Abstraction. Image based detection of geometric changes in urban environments. Efficient Higher-Order Clustering on the Grassmann Manifold. Video Event Understanding Using Natural Language Descriptions. Cross-View Action Recognition over Heterogeneous Feature Spaces. A Global Linear Method for Camera Pose Registration. Characterizing Layouts of Outdoor Scenes Using Spatial Topic Processes. Line Assisted Light Field Triangulation and Stereo Matching. Random Faces Guided Sparse Many-to-One Encoder for Pose-Invariant Face Recognition. Active MAP Inference in CRFs for Efficient Semantic Segmentation. Contextual Hypergraph Modeling for Salient Object Detection. Learning a Dictionary of Shape Epitomes with Applications to Image Labeling. Multiview Photometric Stereo Using Planar Mesh Parameterization. Prime Object Proposals with Randomized Prim's Algorithm. Spatio-temporal clustering of probabilistic region trajectories. Recursive Estimation of the Stein Center of SPD Matrices and Its Applications. 3D Scene Understanding by Voxel-CRF. Dynamic Probabilistic Volumetric Models. Tabula rasa: Model transfer for object category detection. Probabilistic group-level motion analysis and scenario recognition. Image segmentation by figure-ground composition into maximal cliques. No Matter Where You Are: Flexible Graph-Guided Multi-task Learning for Multi-view Head Pose Classification under Target Motion. Fast template matching in non-linear tone-mapped images. A Non-parametric Bayesian Network Prior of Human Pose. Multi-view 3D Reconstruction from Uncalibrated Radially-Symmetric Cameras. Similarity invariant classification of events by KL divergence minimization. Interactive Markerless Articulated Hand Motion Tracking Using RGB and Depth Data. CoDeL: A Human Co-detection and Labeling Framework. Latent Low-Rank Representation for subspace segmentation and feature extraction. Unsupervised learning of event AND-OR grammar and semantics from video. Space-Time Robust Representation for Action Recognition. Perceptual Fidelity Aware Mean Squared Error. Video Primal Sketch: A generic middle-level representation of video. Discovering Object Functionality. Fingerspelling Recognition with Semi-Markov Conditional Random Fields. Facial Action Unit Event Detection by Cascade of Tasks. Salient Region Detection by UFO: Uniqueness, Focusness and Objectness. Dynamic Structured Model Selection. Imaging via three-dimensional compressive sampling (3DCS). Double window optimisation for constant time visual SLAM. Face Recognition Using Face Patch Networks. An Enhanced Structure-from-Motion Paradigm Based on the Absolute Dual Quadric and Images of Circular Points. Decision tree fields. Joint Noise Level Estimation from Personal Photo Collections. Viewpoint invariant 3D landmark model inference from monocular 2D images using higher-order priors. Rolling Shutter Stereo. Learning Discriminative Part Detectors for Image Classification and Cosegmentation. Correspondence free registration through a point-to-model distance minimization. Large-Scale Multi-resolution Surface Reconstruction from RGB-D Sequences. Optimal landmark detection using shape models and branch and bound. Group Sparsity and Geometry Constrained Dictionary Learning for Action Recognition from Depth Maps. What is the Most EfficientWay to Select Nearest Neighbor Candidates for Fast Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search? iGroup: Weakly supervised image and video grouping. BiCoS: A Bi-level co-segmentation method for image classification. Bayesian 3D Tracking from Monocular Video. Latent Data Association: Bayesian Model Selection for Multi-target Tracking. Temporally Consistent Superpixels. Image Guided Depth Upsampling Using Anisotropic Total Generalized Variation. SIFTpack: A Compact Representation for Efficient SIFT Matching. Contour Code: Robust and efficient multispectral palmprint encoding for human recognition. Learning View-Invariant Sparse Representations for Cross-View Action Recognition. Separating Reflective and Fluorescent Components Using High Frequency Illumination in the Spectral Domain. Anchored Neighborhood Regression for Fast Example-Based Super-Resolution. Active geodesics: Region-based active contour segmentation with a global edge-based constraint. Image representation by active curves. HEAT: Iterative relevance feedback with one million images. Regression from local features for viewpoint and pose estimation. Who Blocks Who: Simultaneous clothing segmentation for grouping images. Handwritten Word Spotting with Corrected Attributes. A Framework for Shape Analysis via Hilbert Space Embedding. Dynamic and hierarchical multi-structure geometric model fitting. Learning occlusion with likelihoods for visual tracking. Center-surround divergence of feature statistics for salient object detection. Multi-class semi-supervised SVMs with Positiveness Exclusive Regularization. Heterogeneous Auto-similarities of Characteristics (HASC): Exploiting Relational Information for Classification. Low-Rank Sparse Coding for Image Classification. Robust Trajectory Clustering for Motion Segmentation. Multiple Non-rigid Surface Detection and Registration. Human Re-identification by Matching Compositional Template with Cluster Sampling. Video Synopsis by Heterogeneous Multi-source Correlation. Discriminative high order SVD: Adaptive tensor subspace selection for image classification, clustering, and retrieval. Detecting Irregular Curvilinear Structures in Gray Scale and Color Imagery Using Multi-directional Oriented Flux. Correntropy Induced L2 Graph for Robust Subspace Clustering. Segmentation Driven Object Detection with Fisher Vectors. Enhanced Continuous Tabu Search for Parameter Estimation in Multiview Geometry. POP: Person Re-identification Post-rank Optimisation. Data-driven crowd analysis in videos. Random ensemble metrics for object recognition. Isotonic CCA for sequence alignment and activity recognition. Aerial 3D reconstruction with line-constrained dynamic programming. Optical flow estimation using learned sparse model. Learning cross-modality similarity for multinomial data. Multiscale, curvature-based shape representation for surfaces. Robust unsupervised motion pattern inference from video and applications. Dynamic fluid surface acquisition using a camera array. Semi-dense Visual Odometry for a Monocular Camera. Coherent Object Detection with 3D Geometric Context from a Single Image. Video Segmentation by Tracking Many Figure-Ground Segments. Efficient Orthogonal Matching Pursuit using sparse random projections for scene and video classification. Saliency Detection: A Boolean Map Approach. Generalized subgraph preconditioners for large-scale bundle adjustment. Translating Video Content to Natural Language Descriptions. Incremental on-line semi-supervised learning for segmenting the left ventricle of the heart from ultrasound data. Learning People Detectors for Tracking in Crowded Scenes. Discovering favorite views of popular places with iconoid shift. Orderless Tracking through Model-Averaged Posterior Estimation. Perturb-and-MAP random fields: Using discrete optimization to learn and sample from energy models. Joint Segmentation and Pose Tracking of Human in Natural Videos. Co-segmentation by Composition. Collaborative Active Learning of a Kernel Machine Ensemble for Recognition. Shading-based dynamic shape refinement from multi-view video under general illumination. The NBNN kernel. Finding the Best from the Second Bests - Inhibiting Subjective Bias in Evaluation of Visual Tracking Algorithms. Relative attributes. Robust Subspace Clustering via Half-Quadratic Minimization. Learning to Share Latent Tasks for Action Recognition. Parallel Transport of Deformations in Shape Space of Elastic Surfaces. Efficient and Robust Large-Scale Rotation Averaging. Face reconstruction in the wild. Linear dependency modeling for feature fusion. Struck: Structured output tracking with kernels. Illumination demultiplexing from a single image. ORB: An efficient alternative to SIFT or SURF. Real-Time Solution to the Absolute Pose Problem with Unknown Radial Distortion and Focal Length. A Flexible Scene Representation for 3D Reconstruction Using an RGB-D Camera. Are spatial and global constraints really necessary for segmentation? Shape Anchors for Data-Driven Multi-view Reconstruction. Content-based photo quality assessment. Structure-sensitive superpixels via geodesic distance. Discriminatively Trained Templates for 3D Object Detection: A Real Time Scalable Approach. Learning Slow Features for Behaviour Analysis. A Unified Probabilistic Approach Modeling Relationships between Attributes and Objects. Rectangling Stereographic Projection for Wide-Angle Image Visualization. Accurate 3D pose estimation from a single depth image. Super-resolution via Transform-Invariant Group-Sparse Regularization. Segmentation as selective search for object recognition. Simultaneous multi-body stereo and segmentation. Color photometric stereo for multicolored surfaces. GrabCut in One Cut. Discriminant Tracking Using Tensor Representation with Semi-supervised Improvement. Saliency Detection via Absorbing Markov Chain. Efficient parallel message computation for MAP inference. Learning to cluster using high order graphical models with latent variables. Predicting an Object Location Using a Global Image Representation. Multi-hypothesis motion planning for visual object tracking. Salient Object Detection using concavity context. Incorporating Cloud Distribution in Sky Representation. Exploiting the Manhattan-world assumption for extrinsic self-calibration of multi-modal sensor networks. Latent Task Adaptation with Large-Scale Hierarchies. Cluster-based color space optimizations. On the repeatability of the local reference frame for partial shape matching. Hierarchical Data-Driven Descent for Efficient Optimal Deformation Estimation. Describing people: A poselet-based approach to attribute classification. Learning CRFs for Image Parsing with Adaptive Subgradient Descent. Feature Weighting via Optimal Thresholding for Video Analysis. Random Forests of Local Experts for Pedestrian Detection. Modeling spatial layout with fisher vectors for image categorization. Domain adaptation for object recognition: An unsupervised approach. Graph mode-based contextual kernels for robust SVM tracking. Breaking the Chain: Liberation from the Temporal Markov Assumption for Tracking Human Poses. Exploring regularized feature selection for person specific face verification. Decoupling photometry and geometry in dense variational camera calibration. Multi-attributed Dictionary Learning for Sparse Coding. Visual Semantic Complex Network for Web Images. BRISK: Binary Robust invariant scalable keypoints. Multiclass transfer learning from unconstrained priors. What characterizes a shadow boundary under the sun and sky? A Simple Model for Intrinsic Image Decomposition with Depth Cues. Learning Coupled Feature Spaces for Cross-Modal Matching. Face Recognition via Archetype Hull Ranking. A Fully Hierarchical Approach for Finding Correspondences in Non-rigid Shapes. Automated articulated structure and 3D shape recovery from point correspondences. Similarity Metric Learning for Face Recognition. Segmentation from a box. From images to scenes: Compressing an image cluster into a single scene model for place recognition. Two-Point Gait: Decoupling Gait from Body Shape. Coarse-to-Fine Semantic Video Segmentation Using Supervoxel Trees. Globally optimal solution to multi-object tracking with merged measurements. From Large Scale Image Categorization to Entry-Level Categories. Tight convex relaxations for vector-valued labeling problems. Beyond Hard Negative Mining: Efficient Detector Learning via Block-Circulant Decomposition. Action and Event Recognition with Fisher Vectors on a Compact Feature Set. Transfer Feature Learning with Joint Distribution Adaptation. Alternating Regression Forests for Object Detection and Pose Estimation. Weakly supervised object detector learning with model drift detection. On One-Shot Similarity Kernels: Explicit Feature Maps and Properties. Latent structured models for human pose estimation. Example-Based Facade Texture Synthesis. Weakly Supervised Learning of Image Partitioning Using Decision Trees with Structured Split Criteria. Pushing the limits of digital imaging using structured illumination. Image Co-segmentation via Consistent Functional Maps. Lifting 3D Manhattan Lines from a Single Image. Recognising Human-Object Interaction via Exemplar Based Modelling. A revisit to cost aggregation in stereo matching: How far can we reduce its computational redundancy? Positive definite dictionary learning for region covariances. Real-World Normal Map Capture for Nearly Flat Reflective Surfaces. Recursive MDL via graph cuts: Application to segmentation. Conditional Random Fields for multi-camera object detection. Learning Graph Matching: Oriented to Category Modeling from Cluttered Scenes. Viewing Real-World Faces in 3D. Discriminative figure-centric models for joint action localization and recognition. Text Localization in Natural Images Using Stroke Feature Transform and Text Covariance Descriptors. DTAM: Dense tracking and mapping in real-time. Quantize and Conquer: A Dimensionality-Recursive Solution to Clustering, Vector Quantization, and Image Retrieval. Stacked Predictive Sparse Coding for Classification of Distinct Regions in Tumor Histopathology. Salient object detection by composition. Efficient Pedestrian Detection by Directly Optimizing the Partial Area under the ROC Curve. An automatic assembly and completion framework for fragmented skulls. Monte Carlo Tree Search for Scheduling Activity Recognition. Kernel non-rigid structure from motion. Mining Multiple Queries for Image Retrieval: On-the-Fly Learning of an Object-Specific Mid-level Representation. Text-based image retrieval using progressive multi-instance learning. Tree Shape Priors with Connectivity Constraints Using Convex Relaxation on General Graphs. A "string of feature graphs" model for recognition of complex activities in natural videos. Progressive Multigrid Eigensolvers for Multiscale Spectral Segmentation. Joint Deep Learning for Pedestrian Detection. A Generalized Low-Rank Appearance Model for Spatio-temporally Correlated Rain Streaks. A Generalized Iterated Shrinkage Algorithm for Non-convex Sparse Coding. Ensemble Projection for Semi-supervised Image Classification. A Scalable Unsupervised Feature Merging Approach to Efficient Dimensionality Reduction of High-Dimensional Visual Data. Multiplexed illumination for scene recovery in the presence of global illumination. Action recognition using rank-1 approximation of Joint Self-Similarity Volume. Topology-Constrained Layered Tracking with Latent Flow. Blurred target tracking by Blur-driven Tracker. Joint Subspace Stabilization for Stereoscopic Video. Saliency Detection in Large Point Sets. Initialization-Insensitive Visual Tracking through Voting with Salient Local Features. Fast Direct Super-Resolution by Simple Functions. Refractive shape from light field distortion. Learning Maximum Margin Temporal Warping for Action Recognition. Recognising spontaneous facial micro-expressions. Fast Face Detector Training Using Tailored Views. Structured Learning of Sum-of-Submodular Higher Order Energy Functions. From learning models of natural image patches to whole image restoration. A Unified Rolling Shutter and Motion Blur Model for 3D Visual Registration. SGTD: Structure Gradient and Texture Decorrelating Regularization for Image Decomposition. What Do You Do? Occupation Recognition in a Photo via Social Context. Parsing IKEA Objects: Fine Pose Estimation. Learning Near-Optimal Cost-Sensitive Decision Policy for Object Detection. Dictionary Learning and Sparse Coding on Grassmann Manifolds: An Extrinsic Solution. Complex 3D General Object Reconstruction from Line Drawings. Pose Estimation and Segmentation of People in 3D Movies. Ask the locals: Multi-way local pooling for image recognition. Density-aware person detection and tracking in crowds. STAR3D: Simultaneous Tracking and Reconstruction of 3D Objects Using RGB-D Data. Calibration-Free Gaze Estimation Using Human Gaze Patterns. Semantic-Aware Co-indexing for Image Retrieval. A Learning-Based Approach to Reduce JPEG Artifacts in Image Matting. Log-Euclidean Kernels for Sparse Representation and Dictionary Learning. Video from a single coded exposure photograph using a learned over-complete dictionary. Visual Reranking through Weakly Supervised Multi-graph Learning. Object detection and segmentation from joint embedding of parts and pixels. Maximizing all margins: Pushing face recognition with Kernel Plurality. Robust Feature Set Matching for Partial Face Recognition. Generalized background subtraction based on hybrid inference by belief propagation and Bayesian filtering. What an image reveals about material reflectance. Compensating for Motion during Direct-Global Separation. Finding Actors and Actions in Movies. Motion-Aware KNN Laplacian for Video Matting. Strong supervision from weak annotation: Interactive training of deformable part models. Diagonal preconditioning for first order primal-dual algorithms in convex optimization. Automatic Registration of RGB-D Scans via Salient Directions. Variational stereo in dynamic illumination. Multi-channel Correlation Filters. Relative Attributes for Large-Scale Abandoned Object Detection. Improving Graph Matching via Density Maximization. Semi-supervised Robust Dictionary Learning via Efficient l-Norms Minimization. Handling label noise in video classification via multiple instance learning. CARD: Compact And Real-time Descriptors. Shape-constrained Gaussian process regression for facial-point-based head-pose normalization. Extracting adaptive contextual cues from unlabeled regions. Close the loop: Joint blind image restoration and recognition with sparse representation prior. Learning a category independent object detection cascade. DeepFlow: Large Displacement Optical Flow with Deep Matching. Building a better probabilistic model of images by factorization. Simultaneous localization, mapping and deblurring. Fine-Grained Categorization by Alignments. Proportion Priors for Image Sequence Segmentation. Complementary Projection Hashing. Object recoloring based on intrinsic image estimation. How Related Exemplars Help Complex Event Detection in Web Videos? From Point to Set: Extend the Learning of Distance Metrics. Delta-Dual Hierarchical Dirichlet Processes: A pragmatic abnormal behaviour detector. Parallelizable inpainting and refinement of diffeomorphisms using Beltrami holomorphic flow. Multiclass recognition and part localization with humans in the loop. Tracking by Sampling Trackers. Curvature-Aware Regularization on Riemannian Submanifolds. Detecting Dynamic Objects with Multi-view Background Subtraction. Person Re-identification by Salience Matching. Conservation Tracking. Robust Dictionary Learning by Error Source Decomposition. Capturing Global Semantic Relationships for Facial Action Unit Recognition. Perspective Motion Segmentation via Collaborative Clustering. Pyramid Coding for Functional Scene Element Recognition in Video Scenes. RECON: Scale-adaptive robust estimation via Residual Consensus. Robust Matrix Factorization with Unknown Noise. Action recognition in videos acquired by a moving camera using motion decomposition of Lagrangian particle trajectories. Articulated part-based model for joint object detection and pose estimation. DCSH - Matching Patches in RGBD Images. From contours to 3D object detection and pose estimation. Multi-view 3D reconstruction for scenes under the refractive plane with known vertical direction. Estimating the 3D Layout of Indoor Scenes and Its Clutter from Depth Sensors. Variational recursive joint estimation of dense scene structure and camera motion from monocular high speed traffic sequences. Exemplar Cut. Nested Shape Descriptors. Simplification of 3D morphable models. Learning to Predict Gaze in Egocentric Video. Face recognition based on non-corresponding region matching. A general preconditioning scheme for difference measures in deformable registration. Multi-task low-rank affinity pursuit for image segmentation. Dynamic Manifold Warping for view invariant action recognition. Class-Specific Simplex-Latent Dirichlet Allocation for Image Classification. A linear subspace learning approach via sparse coding. Hough-based tracking of non-rigid objects. Spectral learning of latent semantics for action recognition. Efficient Image Dehazing with Boundary Constraint and Contextual Regularization. Pose-Free Facial Landmark Fitting via Optimized Part Mixtures and Cascaded Deformable Shape Model. Human action recognition by learning bases of action attributes and parts. A Deep Sum-Product Architecture for Robust Facial Attributes Analysis. Unstructured light scanning to overcome interreflections. Symbiotic Segmentation and Part Localization for Fine-Grained Categorization. Fourier Active Appearance Models. Style-Aware Mid-level Representation for Discovering Visual Connections in Space and Time. Digital anti-aging in face images. Matching Dry to Wet Materials. A selective spatio-temporal interest point detector for human action recognition in complex scenes. Fisher Discrimination Dictionary Learning for sparse representation. A Generic Deformation Model for Dense Non-rigid Surface Registration: A Higher-Order MRF-Based Approach. Subpixel Scanning Invariant to Indirect Lighting Using Quadratic Code Length. Panoramic stereo video textures. Dynamic Label Propagation for Semi-supervised Multi-class Multi-label Classification. Global Fusion of Relative Motions for Robust, Accurate and Scalable Structure from Motion. Fast Object Segmentation in Unconstrained Video. 3D scene flow estimation with a rigid motion prior. Hierarchical Joint Max-Margin Learning of Mid and Top Level Representations for Visual Recognition. Spatiotemporal oriented energies for spacetime stereo. PixelTrack: A Fast Adaptive Algorithm for Tracking Non-rigid Objects. Edge foci interest points. From Semi-supervised to Transfer Counting of Crowds. Fast articulated motion tracking using a sums of Gaussians body model. Volumetric Semantic Segmentation Using Pyramid Context Features. Towards accurate and efficient representation of image irradiance of convex-Lambertian objects under unknown near lighting. Attribute Pivots for Guiding Relevance Feedback in Image Search. To Aggregate or Not to aggregate: Selective Match Kernels for Image Search. Online Robust Non-negative Dictionary Learning for Visual Tracking. Robust consistent correspondence between 3D non-rigid shapes based on "Dual Shape-DNA". Linear Sequence Discriminant Analysis: A Model-Based Dimensionality Reduction Method for Vector Sequences. Revisiting Example Dependent Cost-Sensitive Learning with Decision Trees. A FACS valid 3D dynamic action unit database with applications to 3D dynamic morphable facial modeling. Robust object pose estimation via statistical manifold modeling. Monocular Image 3D Human Pose Estimation under Self-Occlusion. Hybrid Deep Learning for Face Verification. A joint learning framework for attribute models and object descriptions. Recognizing Text with Perspective Distortion in Natural Scenes. Low order dynamics embedding for high dimensional time series. BOLD Features to Detect Texture-less Objects. Manifold Based Face Synthesis from Sparse Samples. Write a Classifier: Zero-Shot Learning Using Purely Textual Descriptions. A Joint Intensity and Depth Co-sparse Analysis Model for Depth Map Super-resolution. Linear time offline tracking and lower envelope algorithms. Multi-observation visual recognition via joint dynamic sparse representation. Illuminant Chromaticity from Image Sequences. Building large urban environments from unstructured point data. Self-calibrating depth from refraction. Sparse dictionary-based representation and recognition of action attributes. A chains model for localizing participants of group activities in videos. Slice Sampling Particle Belief Propagation. Dense one-shot 3D reconstruction by detecting continuous regions with parallel line projection. Visual word disambiguation by semantic contexts. Codemaps - Segment, Classify and Search Objects Locally. Deblurring by Example Using Dense Correspondence. Basis constrained 3D scene flow on a dynamic proxy. Automatic salient object extraction with contextual cue. EVSAC: Accelerating Hypotheses Generation by Modeling Matching Scores with Extreme Value Theory. Deterministic Fitting of Multiple Structures Using Iterative MaxFS with Inlier Scale Estimation. Manipulation Pattern Discovery: A Nonparametric Bayesian Approach. High quality depth map upsampling for 3D-TOF cameras. Active Learning of an Action Detector from Untrimmed Videos. Source camera identification using Auto-White Balance approximation. Object segmentation in video: A hierarchical variational approach for turning point trajectories into dense regions. Domain Transfer Support Vector Ranking for Person Re-identification without Target Camera Label Information. 
