The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is expected to cut its key repo rate to a four-year low on Tuesday to help support the domestic economy at a time when consumer inflation is at a record low, but may express caution about easing further as price risks still loom. A Reuters poll last week showed 45 of 51 economists expect the RBI to cut the repo rate by 25 basis points to 7%, its lowest since May 2011. The RBI has already eased the policy rate by 75 bps so far this year. But another rate cut may depend on how food prices impact consumer inflation starting in September, given India could be facing its driest year since 2009 as monsoon rains have fallen below their long-term average. A favourable base effect seen in the previous two months is also expected to wane. The RBI is also likely to err on the side of caution as US interest rates are expected to rise by the end of this year for the first time since 2006, potentially putting pressure on emerging market currencies, including the rupee. RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan is expected to express that cautiousness as he looks to manage expectations, and counterbalance the calls for aggressive easing from government officials and corporate executives. "I expect the RBI to cut the repo rate and sound a cautionary tone on the deficient monsoon's impact on food prices and the Fed," Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser at State Bank of India, said. Expectations for a rate cut surged after the release of data showing consumer inflation at a record low of 3.66% in August. Inflation looks set to undershoot the government's projection of 6% inflation by January 2016. The economy expanded at a slower-than-expected annualised rate of 7% in the April-June quarter. That is faster than China, but well below the government's target of 8 to 8.5% for the year ending in March. The stuttering recovery in the growth rate lies behind the calls for the central bank to lower interest rates, but the RBI is worried about the potential for inflation to flare up again. Rajan this month pointed out that without a favourable base effect, August inflation would have been around "mid-5%." Looking ahead, analysts expect Rajan to set a new target to bring consumer inflation down to 5% by January 2017, as part of his longer-term objective to keep inflation at around 4%.
FCC Information President Barack Obama interviews author Marilynne Robinson (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File). FILE - In this Oct. 8, 2015, file photo, President Barack Obama speaks at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute’s (CHCI) 38th Anniversary awards gala in Washington. Hillary Rodham Clinton's use of a private email ser...  NEW YORK (AP) - For this interview, President Barack Obama was the one asking the questions.  In a discussion held last month in Iowa and posted Monday by The New York Review of Books, Obama asked Pulitzer Prize-winning author Marilynne Robinson about faith, democracy, education and writing. Obama explained that he met with Robinson because he was anxious to have an unscripted discussion with someone he admired.  "One of the things that I don't get a chance to do as often as I'd like is just to have a conversation with somebody who I enjoy and I'm interested in," he told Robinson, "to hear from them and have a conversation with them about some of the broader cultural forces that shape our democracy and shape our ideas and shape how we feel about citizenship and the direction that the country should be going in.  "And so we had this idea that why don't I just have a conversation with somebody I really like and see how it turns out. And you were first in the queue."  Obama is a longtime fan of Robinson and her novel "Gilead," an Iowa-based narrative that the president said he had read while visiting the state as a candidate.  "Gilead" was the first of a Robinson trilogy of stories set in a rural Iowa community. The other novels were "Home" and "Lila."  Obama told Robinson: "Part of my connection to your books, I think, is an appreciation for - without romanticizing Middle America or small-town America - that sense of homespun virtues. And that comes out in your writing. And it sometimes seems really foreign to popular culture today, which is all about celebrity and being loud and bragging."  ___
Sydney Ember and Rachel Abrams @2015 The New York Times Businesses, consumers collide on social media    Shereen Way did not think twice about posting a photo on Instagram of her 4-year-old daughter wearing a green dress and pink Crocs sandals.  Crocs, which Way had identified with a hashtag, pulled the snapshot from Instagram and featured it in a gallery of user-generated photographs on its website. The company had not asked Way for permission, and she was not aware that Crocs had used the photo until a reporter contacted her on Instagram.  “No one reached out to me,” said Way, 37, of Pearl River, N.Y. “I feel a little weirded out.”  Much later, Crocs sought her permission.  Instagram and other social sites like Pinterest and Twitter have long been sources of selfies and candid shots that retailers and other companies mine for “consumer engagement,” an industry term that can mean anything from Facebook likes to hashtags for brands.  But as the practice of promoting user-generated content has intensified, the intersection between brands trying to capitalize on social media activity and people’s expectations of some privacy (even as they post personal photos on public platforms like Instagram) has grown far more murky.  No one, it seems, wants to actively police traditional rights issues like those presented in Way’s situation. Using photos like her daughter’s generally requires getting the consent of the person who posted the original content before it can be reused elsewhere.  “This is a new area, and we want to make sure our customers are dotting the ‘Is’ and crossing the ‘Ts,’” said Sharad Verma, CEO and co-founder of Piqora, which helps brands curate user-generated content from sites like Instagram. “It’s important for brands to be very upfront and transparent about how the photos are being used.”  For its part, Instagram, which has about 300 million users, says it is responsible only for how brands use consumers’ photos posted on its site.  The Federal Trade Commission, which polices unfair or deceptive practices, could step in if Instagram violated its own privacy policy or promises made to consumers in its terms of service. But consumers have little recourse on their own, other than pursuing costly legal action.  The lack of oversight comes at a time when brands and social media sites are strengthening their relationships in efforts to generate ad revenue and lock in loyal consumers. Instagram, in particular, has been working to open its photo feed to all advertisers, big and small, across the globe.  In many cases, getting consent from a user can be as casual as a comment underneath the photo itself.  “We love your pic!” the Crocs Instagram account writes on many of the user-generated snapshots featured on its website, followed by a request to feature the photo elsewhere.  To agree, users just have to reply with “#CrocsOk,” and many do.  In the case of Way and her daughter, however, Crocs did not comment on the photo to ask for permission until after posting it on its website. Way has not responded and says she does not intend to.  In a statement, Crocs said it believed it was “acting consistently with social media marketing best practices.”  “We are continually evaluating our practices and welcome consumer feedback,” the company said. “It’s our policy to get permission before making any other use of photos consumers have tagged us in.”  Clothing and retail brands say that featuring user-generated photos on their websites and in their Instagram feeds is an effective way to connect with consumers, who are increasingly skipping commercials, blocking online ads and generally ignoring anything that resembles traditional advertising. Taking photos from social media accounts is also often cheaper and faster than creating a traditional marketing campaign.  The tactic is particularly popular among apparel companies, as they rethink how to maintain customer loyalty in the digital age.  “There’s a significant risk of us losing that relationship with the customer and that bond you get from the experience in the store,” said Joe Megibow, the chief digital officer at American Eagle, which has galleries of consumers’ photos on its website.  Eric Goldman, a lawyer who specializes in intellectual property, said: “One of the questions that we run into online is, ‘What is the line between advertising and editorial content?’ If the brand is publishing the content online, odds are that it’s going to be considered an advertisement.”  Brands may argue the opposite. Social media sites themselves may also give brands some troubling wiggle room, according to Silverberg.  Instagram outlines some of the ways it may share content in its privacy policy and user agreement, but does not place enough restrictions on how other companies may use that content, Silverberg said.  “For rights owners, there is an extremely uncomfortable ambiguity in what the ramifications are for the terms of use,” Silverberg said.
> Entertainment NYC art exhibition gives food for thought CORRECTS DATE THAT EXHIBITION ENDS TO APRIL 3, NOT APRIL 4 - Artist Tattfoo Tan's installation "Nemre," appearing among the works of 30 artists in the multimedia exhibition “The Value of Food: Sustaining a Green Planet” at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, occupies a wall bay near a candlelit prayer station, Wednesday, Oct. 7, 2015, in New York. The exhibition, installed in the cathedral’s seven chapels and 14 bays, explores food accessibility, sustainability and other food-related issues and runs through April 3, 2016. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews)
By Inti Landauro PARIS--The European Commission granted Sanofi SA (SAN.FR) and Renegeron Pharmaceuticals Inc. (REG) approval to market hypercholesterolemia drug Praluent in the bloc's 28 countries, said the pharmaceutical labs, which developed the drug together. The European Commission approved Praluent, also known as alirocumab, for the treatment of adult patients with primary hypercholesteromia, the two companies said. French pharmaceutical giant Sanofi is rushing to develop new drugs to replace a number of its drugs that are entering the public domain, which would allow generic drug makers to produce and sell the same drugs at a fraction of the Sanofi price, a phenomenon known as the "patent cliff". Write to Inti Landauro at inti.landauro@wsj.com Subscribe to WSJ: http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires (END) 28, 2015 01:50 ET (05:50
Flooding threatens The New York Times' vast picture archive By Associated Press | October 12, 2015 @ 4:45 pm Share  NEW YORK (AP) -- The New York Times' vast archive of historical photographs was threatened this weekend when a broken water pipe flooded an area known as the morgue, causing minor damage.  The newspaper says it happened on Saturday in the lower sub-basement level of the former New York Herald Tribune building in Manhattan, next to its headquarters.  Morgue manager Jeff Roth says it's too early to say how many photos were lost. But he says it appears about 90 percent of the affected photos will be salvageable.  The morgue also houses high-resolution micro-films of every New York Times front page and collections of photos of plays, movies and television program artworks used by the culture desk.
Terms  Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.  Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network
Submitted by admin on 9/29/2015 @ 7:22 AM   Thales  PLANTATION, Fla., Sept. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Thales , leader in critical information systems and cybersecurity, announces the publication of its 2015 PKI Global Trends Study . The report, based on independent research by the Ponemon Institute and sponsored by Thales, reveals an increased reliance on public key infrastructures (PKIs) in today's enterprise environment, supporting a growing number of applications. At the same time, however, there is a general lack of clear PKI ownership, as well as a lack of resources and skills to properly support them. Current approaches to PKI are fragmented and do not always incorporate best practices, indicating a need for many organizations to apply increased effort to secure their PKI as an important part of creating a foundation of trust.  More than 1,500 IT and IT security practitioners were surveyed in ten countries: United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Australia, Japan, Brazil, Russian Federation, India and Mexico, with the aim of better understanding the use of PKI within organizations.  News facts: -- The most significant challenge organizations face around PKI is the inability of their existing PKIs to support new applications (63 percent of respondents said this). -- Only 11 percent of respondents say there is accountability and responsibility for PKI and the applications that rely upon it. -- A large percentage of respondents said they had no revocation techniques. -- Cloud-based services are the most significant driver for PKI-based application adoption. -- The level of visibility, influence and/or control over the applications that consume certificates managed by their PKI is minimal. -- There is a significantly higher use of weaker security techniques like passwords (53 percent) than there is of strong authentication mechanisms such as Hardware Security Modules (HSMs) (28 percent). -- The top three places where HSMs are deployed to secure PKIs are issuing certificate authorities together with offline and online root certificate authorities.  Dr. Larry Ponemon, chairman and founder of The Ponemon Institute, says: "On average, companies today are using their public key infrastructure (PKI) to support seven different applications. While the results of this study demonstrate some use of best practices, including strong authentication and hardware security modules, they also reveal that lower security options like passwords are still prevalent - which is concerning in light of the increased dependency on PKIs today."  John Grimm, senior director, Thales e-Security, says: "An increasing number of enterprise applications are in need of certificate issuance services, and many older PKIs are not equipped to support them. As organizations undertake a PKI upgrade cycle to support new applications and capabilities, many will look to improve the trust of their PKI by using HSMs to protect private keys for offline root certificate authorities as well as online issuing certificate authorities. Thales has decades of experience providing HSM-based PKI solutions, and runs a dedicated PKI Consulting Service to help businesses design and deploy world-class self-managed PKIs that build trust at the infrastructure level."  Download your copy of the new 2015 PKI Global Trends Study  To learn more about Thales PKI Consulting Services, visit www.thales-esecurity.com/pki-experts  For industry insight and views on the latest key management trends check out our blog www.thales-esecurity.com/blogs  Follow Thales e-Security on Twitter @Thalesesecurity, LinkedIn , Facebook and YouTube  About the Ponemon Institute The Ponemon Institute© is dedicated to advancing responsible information and privacy management practices in business and government. To achieve this objective, the Institute conducts independent research, educates leaders from the private and public sectors and verifies the privacy and data protection practices of organizations in a variety of industries.  About Thales e-Security Thales e-Security is a leading global provider of trusted cryptographic solutions with a 40-year track record of protecting the world's most sensitive applications and information. Thales solutions enhance privacy, trusted identities, and secure payments with certified, high performance encryption and digital signature technology for customers in a wide range markets including financial services, high technology, manufacturing, and government. Thales e-Security has a worldwide support capability, with regional headquarters in the United States, United Kingdom, and Hong Kong. www.thales-esecurity.com  About Thales Thales is a global technology leader for the Aerospace, Transport, Defence and Security markets. With 61,000 employees in 56 countries, Thales reported sales of EUR13 billion in 2014. With over 20,000 engineers and researchers, Thales has a unique capability to design and deploy equipment, systems and services to meet the most complex security requirements. Its unique international footprint allows it to work closely with its customers all over the world.  Positioned as a value-added systems integrator, equipment supplier and service provider, Thales is one of Europe's leading players in the security market. The Group's security teams work with government agencies, local authorities and enterprise customers to develop and deploy integrated, resilient solutions to protect citizens, sensitive data and critical infrastructure.  Drawing on its strong cryptographic capabilities, Thales is one of the world leaders in cybersecurity products and solutions for critical state and military infrastructures, satellite networks and industrial and financial companies. With a presence throughout the entire security chain, Thales offers a comprehensive range of services and solutions ranging from security consulting, intrusion detection and architecture design to system certification, development and through-life management of products and services, and security supervision with Security Operation Centres in France, the United Kingdom and The Netherlands.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/thales-and-ponemon-institute-research-reveals-failure-of-pkis-to-follow-best-practices-300150738.html  SOURCE Thales
Return to video Video settings Please Log in to update your video settings Video will begin in 5 seconds. Don't play Play now More video Recommended Michelle Bridges: no fear of baby weight Screenshot sparks outrage over domestic violence Spedding denies involvement in Tyrrell case Beau Ryan's most memorable antics Commuter chaos as taxis and trams strike Replay video Return to video Video settings Please Log in to update your video settings Widespread wage abuse at 7-Eleven Joint Fairfax / ABC Four Corners investigation reveals widespread wage abuse at 7-Eleven stores across Australia. PT0M40S 620 349 Autoplay On Off Video feedback Video settings INTERACTIVE: The full 7-Eleven story 7-Eleven announces substantial change After getting untold pressure from franchisees, politicians and the community over wage exploitation throughout the 7-Eleven franchise network, founder Russ Withers has finally agreed to fix the mess. The brutal reality is it would be difficult for any 7-Eleven directors or senior executives to plead ignorance. It will be a hard slog given wage fraud has been endemic for so long and the culture at 7-Eleven head office has been to turn a blind eye. 7-Eleven has been rocked by revelations of widespread wage fraud. How the senior management team will now shift gear and oversee changes opens up another can of worms. Advertisement But the decision to bow to pressure and review the business model speaks volumes about the nature of the discussions with franchisees – and possibly the United States parent – since the scandal broke in a joint media investigation between ABC Four Corners and Fairfax Media late last month. Like anything, the devil will be in the detail. Major change: Russell Withers says 7-Eleven will fund any franchisee who wishes to establish an enterprise bargaining agreement. Withers has agreed to review the 57/43 per cent profit split, which delivers most stores' profits straight to head office. Other safeguards are also in train, including developing an enterprise bargaining agreement for all interested franchisees, a franchise charter, an external audit of compliance to meet all obligations under the law and the franchise agreement. It will be a matter of wait and see. To put it into perspective, the current model has helped Withers and his sister build a massive empire worth an estimated $1.5 billion. The profits have been built on the backs of franchisees paying wages that have been described as "slave labour" and the franchisees deemed indentured slaves. Illustration Kerrie Leishman As the scandal erupted, trashing the reputation of the brand, the company has come out almost on a daily basis with different concessions, hoping each one would quell the anger of the franchisees and the community. To date, none of the bones it has thrown to the franchisees has been enough. The anger of franchisees is palpable. For the first time they have banded together and have got the upper hand. The franchisees for their part are concerned that the value of the stores they have invested their life savings in has been halved. Even if they wanted to sell, it would be difficult to get their goodwill back. 7-Eleven is now in a position where attracting new franchisees will be difficult and keeping existing ones on board essential to their business surviving. On Wednesday the scandal reverberated across boardrooms when Withers and his deputy, Michael Smith, stepped aside from other board positions. The message was simple: questionable corporate governance and poor risk management systems can have repercussions. Board moves Withers resigned from the Australian Olympic Committee with a statement "continuing claims about 7-Eleven and its business cannot be allowed to pollute the AOC's work". Smith, who joined 7-Eleven in 1999, stepped aside as chairman of the Australian Institute of Company Directors until "an independent review commissioned by 7-Eleven is complete". In Smith's case it might have been more fitting to have also waited until the completion of the findings of the regulator, The Fair Work Ombudsman, which is investigating 7-Eleven. But the fallout will surely give the board cause for reflection on its role as well as the longer-serving senior executives. Are they the right people to clean up the mess? The brutal reality is it would be difficult for any 7-Eleven directors or senior executives to plead ignorance to what has been going on among the franchisees, including underpayment of wages and falsification of payroll records. The board is well aware that the regulator has conducted three separate raids on 7-Eleven stores in the past six years. Each raid uncovered serious problems with payroll. These repeat findings should have raised alarm bells at board level – and among senior management – that more needed to be done, including better checks and balances. The third raid, conducted in September 2014, found 60 per cent of the 20 stores raided had payroll problems. In addition to the 20 stores raided, and the findings shared with head office, Fair Work took legal action against two other franchisees, one a former star franchisee who won a state franchisee of the year award, Mubin Al Haider. While 7-Eleven conducted its own retail review payroll compliance audits in the past year, it didn't report wrongdoings to the police or the regulator. Instead, it tried to deal with the problems internally, which obviously didn't work because the problems continued. It is why Withers agreed on Thursday to external audits to reduce the risk of a cover-up and to report any illegal activity to the police and the regulator. The systemic wage abuse has touched the hearts of the nation. It is hard to hide from that. It is even harder to mount a case that it was a few rogue franchisees when the evidence says something different. In the words of the Fair Work Ombudsman Natalie James: "The 7-Eleven franchise model is a highly controlled model and so head office needs to take some responsibility for the system that they've put in place given the prevailing pattern we're seeing of fabrication of records and underpayment of workers in its operation." And that's without seeing all the evidence.
Comments The sixth installment of 'Die Hard' movie franchise is said to serve as a prequel which follows the origin story of John McClane.  20th Century Fox is going to make a sixth "Die Hard" movie, with " Live Free or Die Hard " helmer Len Wiseman returning to director's chair. According to Deadline , " Die Hard 6 " will be a prequel of sorts. The project is still in early stages of development with plans to set much of the action in 1979, so it will take the movie back in time. Bruce Willis is very likely to return to the action franchise, though the movie will take place when his character, John McClane, was just a regular cop in gritty New York City and will "show how he became a die hard kind of guy." A younger actor will play Willis' character, while Willis will appear as McClane in scenes bookending the movie. Lorenzo di Bonaventura is involved as producer. Along with Wiseman, he is now looking for a scribe to write a story of a reinvention of the venerable action series. There is another rumor that Fox attempted to bring Samuel L. Jackson back to the "Die Hard" franchise. The Academy Award nominee was expected to reprise his "Die Hard with a Vengeance" role as Zeus Carver. The "Die Hard" movies have grossed nearly $1.5 billion worldwide. The last film, 2013's " A Good Day to Die Hard ", was considered as the worst film in the franchise, grossing only $67 million domestically. However, the movie ended up earning $304 million at the worldwide box office.  © AceShowbiz.com Warning : mysql_num_rows() expects parameter 1 to be resource, boolean given in /home/aceshow/public_html/php/bs_nview.php on line 567 More Die Hard 6 News
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi touted the power of social media and his own goals for developing India's tech economy on Sunday, speaking to a global audience from a "town hall" meeting at the headquarters of the world's largest social network. Modi also vowed to improve education for girls and "bring more women into decision-making" in his country, while responding to a handful of questions during a carefully orchestrated session led by Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg . "The strength of social media today is that it can tell governments where they are wrong and can stop them from moving in the wrong direction," Modi said, in remarks translated from Hindi by an interpreter. "We used to have elections every five years and now we can have them every five minutes," added Modi, who is known for using both Facebook and Twitter to communicate with millions of followers. Sunday's hour-long session came during a whirlwind tour of Silicon Valley that included two days of meetings with the CEOs of Apple, Google and other leading tech companies, along with local political leaders and an estimated 18,000 people who attended an "Indian community reception" at a San Jose sports arena. Modi received a warm welcome from about 1,200 people at the morning session, which was also streamed live on Facebook. "We are software engineers. This is music to our ears," said 23-year-old Ashna Jain, reacting to Modi's comments. Like many young Indian tech workers in the audience, Jain said she liked Modi's goals for increasing Internet connectivity and building a tech economy because she hopes to return home to work in India one day. Modi in fact struck several notes that many tech entrepreneurs would applaud. He said he's working to reduce government regulation of business and crisscross the country with fiber optic networks. But he also scored a human note, becoming emotional while describing his impoverished childhood and his mother's efforts to support his family by doing menial work. "In India, there are hundreds of thousands of mothers like that," he added. Modi's visit to California is the first by an Indian head of state since Indira Gandhi came to Los Angeles in 1982, and it's been a rallying event for many of the tens of thousands of Indian immigrants who work in Silicon Valley. "We're pretty hopeful about how the country has progressed under him," said Ankur Sadhoo, a young Facebook engineer who brought his wife to the event. Modi's fans say they admire his ambitions for "Digital India," a broad program of technological and economic development, and his promise to end government corruption and inefficiency. But he has critics: Some activists organized protests on Sunday to press the prime minister over creation of a Sikh homeland, along with alleged mistreatment of Muslims and Christians by groups linked to his Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party. Despite the protests, a raucous and jubilant crowd chanted greeted Modi at the SAP Center in San Jose. The Silicon Valley is home to scores of Indians working in technology. "People are now saying that the 21st century is India's," Modi told the crowd in the arena. "The world is now believing this." Modi's schedule also included meetings with Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook, Tesla Motors Inc. chief Elon Musk and two Indian-Americans who have recently become CEOs of major tech companies: Satya Nadella of Microsoft Corp. and Sundar Pichai of Google. They had plenty to discuss: Silicon Valley companies see India as a huge potential market for their own expansion, while Modi wants their help in developing his country's tech industry. U.S. tech interests, however, would like to see Modi trim what they view as bureaucratic and financial restrictions on investment there. About 300 million Indians use the Internet but another billion don't have access. After meeting with Modi on Sunday, Google's Pichai announced his company will provide Wi-Fi service to 400 train stations across India, which he said would serve 10 million rail passengers daily. Facebook has already launched an effort to connect with lower-income Indians through Zuckerberg's Internet.org project, which promotes Internet use in developing countries by offering free access to a package of web apps on mobile phones. That effort has drawn controversy, however. Critics in India said the project favors Facebook and a limited number of partners, while making it more difficult for homegrown entrepreneurs to draw traffic to their own websites. Responding to that criticism, Zuckerberg promised to open the program to more online services. Facebook announced last week that it has launched a new platform for outside developers to contribute apps to the program. Modi's visit comes less than a week after Chinese President Xi Jinping met with many of the same U.S. tech executives in Seattle. Silicon Valley firms are eager to do more business in both countries, although China's government has thrown up more barriers to U.S. firms. Modi is scheduled to fly east Monday to meet with President Obama before returning home to India.
Cheap flight alert: Why now's the time to book fares Cheap flight alert: Why now's the time to book fares Book next year's getaway now and you've got a date to look forward to during dark winter days and - best of all - some of the cheapest prices are currently on offer. PUBLISHED: 15:46, Fri, Sep 11, 2015 | UPDATED: 15:57, Fri, Sep 11, 2015 GETTY Book a flight now and you could grab a bargain  Budget carrier EasyJet this week released ticket availably until the end of June, which means many fares will now be at their lowest prices- especially for peak travel times. So if you fancy the idea of a getaway over either of the May bank holidays or would like to spend the Easter holidays abroad, now's the time to book. Leave it until next year and you'll find that tickets for these key travel dates are likely to be far more expensive. For instance, a return ticket from London Gatwick to Barcelona, leaving on Saturday April 20 and flying back on Monday May 2 - the first bank holiday - can currently be booked for around £100 return.If you want to book a longer break for next year, remember these key tips to help bring down the price:*It's generally cheaper to fly mid-week, especially Tuesdays and Wednesdays. *Booking around three months in advance will throw up the best prices overall, according cheapflights.co.uk. *Use a comparison site to compare prices across a number of different airlines then adjust times or days to find the best value - try Skyskanner or Cheapflights.co.uk. Related articles DVLA alter car hire rules following backlash by furious British...  Air fare glitches If you're not fussy about the destination, you can save a lot of money by booking a ticket that has been released by error. With millions of flights booked and scheduled every day, airfare glitches are a regular occurrence, but you have to act quick and be flexible about times and places of travel. SecretFlying.com and TheFlightDeal.com both constantly scan sites pricing and send followers alerts when a deal becomes available.Or Manchester to Chicago for a reasonable £312 , according to current offers.  Sign-up to daily newsletters or follow the sites on Facebook or Twitter to stay in the loop. If you spot a suitable deal, you usually need to book fast because airlines may remove offers if they realise there's an error. It's a good idea to wait until you have confirmation that the airline will honour a price glitch before making additional plans.
By BRANDON BAILEY AP Technology Writer SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Nasdaq has long been known as the "tech-heavy" stock exchange, where some of Silicon Valley's best-known companies have gone to sell shares. Now, as it faces stiff competition from rival exchanges to lure the next hot IPO, it's reaching out to business startups before they go public. New York-based Nasdaq, through an affiliated foundation, is opening what it calls an "Entrepreneurial Center" Thursday in a trendy commercial district south of San Francisco's Market Street. It's promising business training, mentoring and networking opportunities for early stage startup founders - maybe even the next Mark Zuckerberg or Larry Page. "We want to support amazing entrepreneurs, who may be starting a company today or their next three companies down the line, who will remember the things they were taught as part of the Nasdaq community," said Nicola Corzine, a veteran startup investor who will operate the center as its executive director. Nasdaq executives say they have a long tradition of working with young companies, and the new center is open to entrepreneurs in other sectors besides tech. Still, it's no coincidence the center's in a region rife with new tech startups. Facebook, Google and Apple are all traded on Nasdaq. The move comes as Nasdaq's chief rival, the New York Stock Exchange, has increased its outreach to the tech sector in recent years and has lured some high-profile startups like Twitter, which held its initial public offering on the NYSE in 2013. Twitter's decision to list on the NYSE came after Facebook's debut on Nasdaq in May 2012 was marred by technical glitches that tarnished the exchange's reputation. "Your competitor always wants to make advances in your area of strength, and we also make advances in areas that may not have been our strength 10 years ago," said Bruce Aust, a vice chairman at Nasdaq who is also president of the new center. As an example, he said Nasdaq is now home to a number of airlines that might have chosen the NYSE in the past. "Nasdaq is all about growth companies," Aust said, while downplaying concerns about the rival exchange. "So we feel pretty good about our position." Silicon Valley is home to a number of tech "incubators" and other programs that support new startups, sometimes in exchange for equity. Aust said the new center will work with those programs while offering unique opportunities of its own, such as mentorships or informal classes taught by executives at successful Nasdaq companies. Silicon Valley law firm Wilson Sonsini, which advises a number of tech companies, is one of several sponsors. There's no charge for entrepreneurs to participate, but they'll be screened for at least two references from advisers, fellow entrepreneurs or even university professors, Corzine said. Programs are also open to students or recent graduates with ideas for a new business. The new center fills 13,000 square feet of remodeled space that includes meeting areas, a media training studio where founders can develop videos to promote their companies, and a coffee shop for casual networking. In recent years, some high-profile tech startups like Uber, Airbnb and Snapchat have delayed going public and opted to continue raising money from venture capitalists and other private sources. Aust said Nasdaq's got that trend covered, as well: It launched a "private market" service last year that helps companies raise money from investors without issuing publicly traded stock. "Nasdaq has always been about being a source for companies to raise capital," he said.
More than half of large insurers to increase use of cloud and co-sourcing services over next five years finds SS&C survey   Published on 2015-09-30 07:46:25 More than half of large insurers to increase use of cloud and... -- WINDSOR, Conn.  SS&C Technologies SS&C Technologies  ><- stripped tags -> Technology is key in improving performance measurement, risk analysis and investment management across broader and more complex asset classes WINDSOR, Conn.   SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. ("SS&C") (Nasdaq: [[UEdFZ2NtVnNQVndpYm05bWIyeHNiM2RjSWlCb2NtVm1QU2RvZEhSd09pOHZjM1IxWkdsdkxUVXVabWx1WVc1amFXRnNZMjl1ZEdWdWRDNWpiMjB2Y0hKdVpYZHpQMUJoWjJVOVVYVnZkR1VtVkdsamEyVnlQVk5UVGtNbklIUmhjbWRsZEQwblgySnNZVzVySnlCMGFYUnNaVDBuVTFOT1F5Y2diMjVqYkdsamF6MG5iR2x1YTA5dVEyeHBZMnNvZEdocGN5a25JSEpsYkQwbmJtOW1iMnhzYjNjblBsTlRUa004TDJFK3w=]]), a leading global provider of financial services software and software-enabled services, today reported the results of its Global Insurance Asset Management Technology Outlook survey – looking at the changes large insurers plan to make over the next five years. The survey of 100 insurance executives from around the world, conducted in the second quarter of 2015, identified the following trends amongst large insurance firms: A shift away from internally-developed investment-related systems to commercially-developed software, cloud technology and co-sourcing providers Agreement that the biggest operational challenge to future expansion is an ability to process more complex security types Consensus that access to skilled staff is critical in deciding on the optimum business model "The survey findings underline a strong trend in the insurance market of companies moving away from internally developed and administered systems to consideration of hosted solutions, component co-sourcing and full SaaS offerings," said Dave Reid , Senior Vice President, Institutional Global Outsourcing, SS&C Technologies. While the survey found that companies of all sizes are looking to move away from internally developed systems, the data also showed the size of the organization is a significant factor when deciding to outsource. Smaller companies with less than $10bn AUM tend to be early adopters of outsourcing. Larger insurers with more than $10bn AUM leverage outside software and cloud solutions, but are slower to adopt a full outsourcing model. The largest insurers with more than $50bn AUM expect to increase the use of both third party vendors and co-sourcing arrangements to support their middle and back office functions. Overall, some 80% of survey participants identified their cloud strategy to be a critical strategic concern, but only half of these respondents indicated that their internal technology operations and infrastructure teams were well suited to meeting future needs over the next 2-5 years. When asked about the areas that were causing most difficulty with regard to their expansion strategy, the top concern was the ability to process new security types. This may be compounded by the fact that nearly 60% of survey respondents do not have all of their assets on one comprehensive investment accounting system – increasing operational risk, causing data issues, hindering transparent reporting and potentially impacting investment decision making. "When choosing a business model insurers need to take a critical look at their operations and ask whether they have the deep subject matter expertise and hands-on experience needed to develop, implement and maintain an investment-related system that will grow in line with future requirements while satisfying all compliance and regulatory demands," said Timothy Reilly , Senior Vice President, Institutional & Investment Management, SS&C Technologies. Methodology SS&C surveyed 100 insurance executives from around the world during the second quarter of 2015 and gathered opinions from respondents within life & health insurance, property & casualty, multi-line insurance, reinsurance and asset management firms. More than 30% of the respondents came from firms with over $50bn in assets under management (AUM), with a further 55% having AUM over $10bn . A copy of the full survey results, including a more detailed breakdown of the respondents, is available here . About SS&C Technologies SS&C is a global provider of investment and financial software-enabled services and software focused exclusively on the global financial services industry. Founded in 1986, SS&C has its headquarters in Windsor, Connecticut and offices around the world. Some 10,000 financial services organizations, from the world's largest institutions to local firms, manage and account for their investments using SS&C's products and services. These clients in the aggregate manage over $44 trillion in assets. Additional information about SS&C (NASDAQ: SSNC ) is available at www.ssctech.com . Follow SS&C on Twitter, Linkedin and Facebook.
ARRIS Group, Inc. SUWANEE, Ga. , Oct. 13, ARRIS Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRS), a global leader in entertainment and communications solutions, today announced that they will release third quarter 2015 financial results after the market close on Wednesday, October 28 , 2015. ARRIS management will also conduct a conference call at 5:00 p.m. EDT on the same day to discuss these results. You may participate in the ARRIS conference call on Wednesday, October 28, 2015 by dialing (888) 713-4213 or (617) 213-4865, pass code 42116386 prior to 5:00 p.m. EDT . ARRIS will not accept any calls after earnings are released on October 28 until after the completion of the scheduled conference call. There will be a replay available about 2 hours after the call through November 4, 2015 . You can access the replay by dialing (888) 286-8010 or (617) 801-6888, pass code 18378787. Live internet access to the call will be available through the Investors Relations section of the Company's website at http://www.arris.com . A replay will also be made available for a period of 12 months following the conference call on the ARRIS website at http://www.arris.com . Please use the following link to pre-register and view important information about this conference call. Pre-registering is not mandatory, but is recommended as it will provide you immediate entry into the call and will facilitate the timely start of the conference. Pre-registration only takes a few moments and you may pre-register at any time, including up to and after the call start time. To pre-register, please click here: https://www.theconferencingservice.com/prereg/key.process?key=P3HLVEGUF Alternatively, if you would rather be placed into the call by an operator, please call (888) 713-4213 at least 15 minutes prior to the call start time. About ARRIS ARRIS is a global innovator in IP, video and broadband technology. We have continually worked with our customers to transform the experience of entertainment and communications for millions of people around the world. The people of ARRIS are dedicated to the success of our customers, bringing a passion for invention that has fueled our history: We created digital TV, delivered the first wireless broadband gateway and are pioneering the standards and pathways for tomorrow's personalized, Ultra HD, multiscreen, and cloud services. We are dedicated to meeting today's challenges and preparing for the tasks the future holds. Collaborating with our customers, ARRIS will continue to solve the most pressing challenges of 21st century communications. Together, we are inventing the future. For more information: www.arris.com ARRIS and the ARRIS Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of ARRIS Enterprises, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © ARRIS Enterprises, Inc. 2015. All rights reserved.  releases/arris-announces-third-quarter-2015-earnings-release-date-and-teleconference-details-300158835.html
MEG Records : In Latest Music News , Tom MacLear's Top 40 Country Singles , Unapproachable, will be performed publicly at the Sherman Oaks Street Fair October 18th Sherman Oaks, CA (PRWEB) October 12, 2015 Producer, singer, songwriter Tom MacLear (of MEG Records) is often referred to as “the man behind the curtain, one of music’s best kept secrets,” is now emerging more toward the center of the stage as the driving force of “Tom MacLear & Friends” – an evergreen concept for his band that allows MacLear to perform and make music with some of the best musicians and vocalists in the business, and he is performing at the SHERMAN OAKs STREET FAIR- Sunday October 18th. 11-1:30pm Located on Ventura Blvd between Van Nuys and Kester! TOM MACLEAR & FRIENDS opens the day with their ‘BREAKFAST ON THE BLVD CONCERT SET’ featuring Teresa James, Renee DiSisto and supporting members from Robert Cray, Bonnie Raitt, Taj Mahal and Eric Burden’s The Animals. Don’t miss TOM MACLEAR & FRIENDS as they perform their New Nashville Radio Chart Topping Single ‘Unapproachable’ as NEW MUSIC WEEKLY’S Best New Country Band of 2015 In the latest music news , Tom MacLear's Top 40 Country Singles , Unapproachable, sits high upon radio charts all over the nation, beating out such juggernauts like Demi Lovato, and Taylor Swift. ** Attachments of radio charts are included This performance provides the opportunity to see and learn more about Tom MacLear and Friends! Radio promo of Sherman Oaks Event can be found here: https://goo.gl/LuW28p Interview opportunities are gladly available upon request. Please feel free to contact Renee Disisto at renee.megrecords(at)gmail(dot)com for all inquiries. No inquiries will be turned away. It's just a matter of scheduling. In person, over the phone, and Skype interviews are all encouraged. Hear Tom’s radio hit single, “Unapproachable” on YouTube here: http://goo.gl/hVKiHT Feel free to also view Tom’s presskit: http://goo.gl/S8LGTE Contact information: PR / Manager: Renee DiSisto (Cell) : 310-770-2022  //www.prweb.com/releases/10/2015/prweb12999779.htm
Comments The new comedy starring Jane Lynch about a woman claiming to be a guardian angel is pulled from this year's premiere and saved for midseason 2016.  CBS is making changes to its current TV season, slipping in " 2 Broke Girls " for a late fall premiere. The news comes as the Eye delays the premiere of freshman series " Angel from Hell " and moves it to next year. "2 Broke Girls", which was supposed to be a midseason filler, will now premiere on Thursday, November 12 at 9.30 P.M. ET/PT. The slot was previously occupied by "Angel from Hell" which now has a February 2016 premiere. The new spot actually provides time for CBS to promote the newbie during the network's airing of the Super Bowl on February 7. CBS' comedy block is moving to Thursday nights after the network's Thursday NFL package ends. " The Big Bang Theory " and " Life in Pieces " move in on November 5, followed by " Mom " and " Elementary " premieres. "2 Broke Girls" skips the night's airing and "Big Bang Theory" repeats will fill in. "Angel from Hell" actually has been heavily promoted by CBS in the past few months but delaying it means CBS won't have to cramp up new shows after the football. Starring Jane Lynch and Maggie Lawson , the comedy follows a woman who claims to be the guardian angel for a young doctor. New Schedule:
Submitted by admin on 9/30/2015 @ 3:00 AM Companies mentioned in this article: Reltio  REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., Sept. 30, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Reltio , the enterprise data-driven applications and modern data management company, and DMD , a national leader in enabling healthcare marketers to build ongoing relationships with healthcare professionals (HCPs) via a uniquely sourced, micro-targeted, cross-channel database, announced that they are partnering to offer DMD's data and offerings through Reltio Cloud. The partnership provides Reltio users with the ability to cross-reference and create HCP lists across any number of attributes and criteria, provided by DMD, using simple point-and-click navigation within Reltio Cloud.  https://photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20150930/272245  "By making DMD's data and services accessible to Reltio Cloud customers, we are changing the way marketers can segment and target HCPs," said DMD President Roger Korman, Ph.D., a healthcare data management expert with more than three decades of experience in the field. "We are saving marketing professionals time and money, while enabling stronger results."  Reduced in-person access to HCPs with an increased focus in multichannel marketing strategies demands accuracy of data used to create segmented customer targets. Many marketers are drawn to visualization tools for predictive analytics, but these tools are ineffective if users are operating on a foundation of unreliable data. Prior to Reltio Cloud, marketers' options were limited to heavyweight processes, like traditional master data management tools that require already-taxed IT resources, or outsourced one-time-only lists without repeatability or collaboration across other groups such as sales.  "There's a metamorphosis occurring in life sciences marketing. Marketing professionals who have been frustrated by the lack of trustworthiness and timeliness of their HCP data now have a way to bring together data previously cocooned in disparate applications and combine it with high quality data provided by DMD," said Reltio CEO Manish Sood. "Multichannel marketing initiatives can now be executed with ease and confidence, knowing they have the best HCP email addresses available."  DMD joins the growing number of life sciences industry data partners in the " Delivered by Reltio " program. Existing partners include DarkMatter2BD, LexisNexis Enclarity, LexisNexis HMS, and MedPro Systems. Reltio also provides access to numerous public data sources, such as NPESS, PubMed, Clinicaltrials.gov, and Open Payments transactions, through Reltio DaaS (Data-as-a-Service) built into every single Reltio data-driven application.  Reltio and DMD will both be exhibiting at ExL's Digital Pharma East conference in Philadelphia, PA, from September 30 to October 1. In conjunction with the event, Reltio will be releasing a white paper entitled " How Data-driven Applications Will Transform Multichannel and Patient Centric Marketing ."  Social Networks - follow Reltio on: -- Twitter: @Reltio -- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/reltio-inc -- Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ReltioHub  About Reltio  Reltio delivers reliable data, relevant insights and recommended actions so companies can be right faster. Reltio Cloud combines data-driven applications with modern data management for better planning, customer engagement and risk management. Reltio enables IT to streamline data management for a complete view across all sources and formats at scale, while sales, marketing and compliance teams use data-driven applications to predict, collaborate and respond to opportunities in real-time. Companies of all sizes, including leading Fortune 500 companies in healthcare and life sciences, distribution and retail rely on Reltio. For more information visit www.reltio.com .  About DMD  DMD is a national leader in enabling healthcare marketers to build ongoing relationships with HCPs, via a uniquely sourced, micro-targeted, cross-channel database. Using robust email analytics and email asset optimization in a consultative partnership with its clients, DMD delivers measurable cross-channel campaign results to pharmaceutical marketers, medical marketing agencies, publishers, hospitals, continuing medical education companies, and healthcare recruiters.  Reltio, Reltio Cloud, Reltio Data-Driven Applications, Be Right Faster are all trademarks or registered trademarks of Reltio Inc. All other names and trademarks are property of their respective firms.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/reltio-and-dmd-join-forces-to-provide-healthcare-marketers-with-reliable-hcp-email-data-for-stronger-campaigns-300151400.html  SOURCE Reltio
Submitted by admin on 9/28/2015 @ 5:00 AM Companies mentioned in this article: Ayla Networks  SUNNYVALE, Calif. -- (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Ayla Networks, whose agile Internet of Things (IoT) platform provides comprehensive connectivity for any kind of product, announced today the launch of its Europe IoT Cloud service and the extension to Europe of key technology partnerships with Amazon AWS, Broadcom, Qualcomm, Marvell, Murata and USI. The Europe cloud joins Ayla clouds in North America and China, through which Ayla and its partners are making it easier for multinational manufacturers to launch and support IoT connected products in multiple regions worldwide.  “Ayla’s core approach to the IoT market has always been to remove the ‘friction’ of IoT connectivity at every level imaginable, and the strict EU privacy regulations add a non-technical layer of complexity for any manufacturer that wants to sell connected products in Europe,” said David Friedman, CEO and co-founder of Ayla Networks. “With the Ayla cloud platform, manufacturers can use the same IoT technology to launch connected versions of their products in multiple regions, instead of duplicating development efforts for each region.”  According to MicroMarketMonitor , the European IoT market is expected to grow from $38.6 billion in 2013 to $131.2 billion by 2019. Because the Ayla Europe cloud is compliant with EU data privacy policies, manufacturers wanting to sell connected products in Europe “inherit” that compliance when they use the Ayla IoT platform. As a result, they can save considerable time and money by not having to design solutions for EU privacy compliance themselves.  Ayla Builds Out its European IoT Ecosystem to Support Global Manufacturers  The strategic partnerships with Wi-Fi chip makers Broadcom, Qualcomm and Marvell, and with module makers Murata and USI, are important foundational elements of Ayla’s growing ecosystem in Europe. Ayla uses Amazon’s AWS cloud service as its global cloud provider, including for its new cloud service in Europe.  “Ayla works with the wireless chip and module makers and cloud service providers that our manufacturing customers use in their connected products,” said Bill Podrasky, vice president of business development at Ayla . “Extending these relationships to the European market will give manufacturers more options for wireless chip and module providers, while also providing new channels for Ayla to reach European manufacturers.  To further expand its European ecosystem, Ayla has: Begun using the AWS EU (Frankfurt) Region cloud infrastructure to support its Europe cloud Made its North America cloud Safe Harbor compliant, which means that European companies can use the Ayla North America cloud and remain compliant with EU privacy regulations Added staff in Europe, including a strategic accounts director and pre-sales engineering personnel Begun working with manufacturers based in Europe as well as U.S.-based manufacturers seeking significant sales in Europe  “We used Ayla’s IoT platform to develop our Smart Sock, the world’s first smart wearable baby monitor, which uses hospital technology (pulse oximetry) to alert you if your baby stops breathing. Now that we are further along in our production, we are looking to expand into other regions. Ayla’s European cloud and IoT ecosystem will allow us to expand more quickly and easily into Europe than we had originally anticipated,” said Kurt Workman, founder and CEO of Owlet, an Ayla customer based in the United States.  Already, Ayla has established its China IoT cloud and created a robust ecosystem to support the regulatory requirements involved in doing business in China. Although Ayla’s underlying cloud technology is the same globally, the company has focused on launching region-specific clouds in China and Europe because they are large IoT markets with strict, specialized non-technical requirements. Elsewhere in the world, Ayla is committed to serving regions where its customers want to offer Ayla-connected products.  About Ayla Networks  Ayla Networks provides the industry’s first Agile IoT platform, accelerating development, support and ongoing enhancements of connected products for the Internet of Things. Ayla’s end-to-end platform runs across devices, cloud and apps to create secure connectivity, data analytics and feature-rich customer experiences. Delivered as a cloud platform-as-a-service (PaaS), Ayla’s Agile IoT platform provides the flexibility and modularity to enable rapid changes to practically any type of device, cloud or app environment. Ayla Networks was named a 2015 Cool Vendor in the Internet of Things by Gartner, Inc. Ayla’s investors include Cisco, the International Finance Corporation, SAIF Partners, Crosslink Capital, Voyager Capital, Linear Venture and SJF Ventures. For more information, visit www.aylanetworks.com . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150928005192/en/ Copyright © Business Wire 2015
US writer Hanya Yanigahara favorite for Booker Prize 6:28 a.m. Tuesday, Oct. 13, 2015 | Filed in: Celebrity news Comments 0 ﻿  Stories of global migration, digital dislocation and the bonds of friendship are up for the prestigious Booker Prize for fiction, which could name its first American winner.  Judges will select a victor of the 50,000-pound ($77,000) award Tuesday from six books that include Pulitzer Prize-winner Anne Tyler's multigenerational family saga "A Spool of Blue Thread" and Hawaiian writer Hanya Yanagihara's friendship tale "A Little Life." Authors nominated for the 2015 Man Booker Prize; from left, Sunjeev Sahota, Chigozie Obioma, Hanya Yanagihara, Anne Tyler, Tom McCarthy and Marlon James pose with their books on stage at the Royal Festival Hall in London, Monday, Oct. 12, 2015. The six authors are short-listed for the 2015 Man Booker Prize for Fiction, and the winner will be announced Tuesday Oct. 13. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)  British bookmakers say Yanagihara is favorite for the prize, which expanded entries to English-language writers of all nationalities two years ago.  Other contenders are British writer Sunjeev Sahota's immigrants' story "The Year of the Runaways"; Jamaican writer Marlon James' Bob Marley-inspired "A Brief History of Seven Killings"; British writer Tom McCarthy's digital drama "Satin Island"; and brothers-at-odds story "The Fishermen," by Nigeria's Chigozie Obioma. Author Hanya Yanagihara poses with her book 'A Little Life' on stage at the Royal Festival Hall in London, Monday, Oct. 12, 2015. Yanagihara is one of six short-listed authors for the 2015 Man Booker Prize for Fiction. The winner will be announced Tuesday Oct. 13. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein) Author Anne Tyler poses with her book 'A Spool of Blue Thread' on stage at the Royal Festival Hall in London, Monday, Oct. 12, 2015. Tyler is one of six short-listed authors of the 2015 Man Booker Prize for Fiction, and the winner will be announced Tuesday Oct. 13. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein) Author Sunjeev Sahota poses with his book 'The Year of The Runaways' on stage at the Royal Festival Hall in London, Monday, Oct. 12, 2015. Sahota is one of six short-listed authors of the 2015 Man Booker Prize for Fiction, and the winner will be announced Tuesday Oct. 13. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein) Author Tom McCarthy poses with his book 'Satin Island' on stage at the Royal Festival Hall in London, Monday, Oct. 12, 2015. McCarthy is one of six short-listed authors of the 2015 Man Booker Prize for Fiction, and the winner will be announced Tuesday Oct. 13. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein) Author Chigozie Obioma poses with his book 'The Fishermen' on stage at the Royal Festival Hall in London, Monday, Oct. 12, 2015. Obioma is one of six shortlisted authors of the 2015 Man Booker Prize for Fiction, and the winner will be announced Tuesday Oct. 13. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein) Author Marlon James poses with his book 'A Brief History of Seven Killings' on stage at the Royal Festival Hall in London, Monday, Oct. 12, 2015. James is one of six short-listed authors of the 2015 Man Booker Prize for Fiction. The winner will be announced Tuesday Oct. 13. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein)
NEW YORK, Sept 27 Design-software company Autodesk Inc's shares could jump 50 percent in the next 18 months as investors get more comfortable with the company's transition to a cloud-based business model, according to a Sunday report in Barron's financial newspaper. By the middle of next year, Autodesk, known for programs that help people make physical objects, will sell its last "perpetual license," according to Barron's, a term for boxed software. After that, those who rely on Autodesk's software will need to buy subscriptions for the products, all delivered via the cloud. The move means near-term pain: shares of Autodesk have lost almost a quarter of their value in 2015, with investors grappling with the fact that the shift to the cloud will hurt earnings temporarily. But Barron's notes that five years from now Autodesk could be earning over $4 a share, double its fiscal 2013 peak. The stock could benefit much sooner than that. Autodesk officials were not immediately available for comment. (Editing by Andrew Hay)
> General 41 writers return Indian award, cite climate of intolerance Indian playwright and theater artiste Maya Krishna Rao rests at her residence in New Delhi, India, Wednesday, Oct. 14, 2015. As of Wednesday, 41 novelists, essayists, playwrights and poets writing in English as well as regional languages, have returned the awards they received from India's prestigious literary academy in protest, saying they cannot remain silent any longer about numerous incidents of communal violence or attacks on intellectuals across the country over the past year. "It's become a question of an individual's right to speak, to think, to write, to eat, to dress, to debate," said Rao, who returned her award to the academy this week. (AP Photo/Saurabh Das)
By Ralf F Heyer Sep 28, 2015 As with any big business, small businesses need to make sure that their business and their reputation is protected. Hiring a right candidate for the job is very crucial for small businesses. Even a single wrong hire can be devastating. It can hinder productivity, reduce team morale and can also impact customer relations.Small businesses cannot bear the consequences of hiring a wrong candidate - someone who is under-qualified or bad cultural fit or dishonest or someone who has criminal background. It's better safe than to be sorry while hiring new people. So they need to make sure upfront that the candidate they are hiring is perfect.Importance of background checksOne of the best methods to ensure that you hire a quality candidate is to perform background checks. It provides insight into a candidate's behavior, character, and integrity. Pre-employment background checks enable business owners make informed decisions about the person they are hiring for their company. They can be more objective in evaluating a candidate's eligibility. Also, pre-employment background check saves money in the long-run as it makes sure that only the eligible candidates are hired.Many of the small businesses today are conducting background checks as part of their hiring process. According to a report by HireRight released in 2015, almost 75% of all small businesses are now conducting background checks on potential employees.Considerations in background checksThere are many things a small business owner can check in a background screening to understand the profile of their potential employee. However, not all of them are required for every small business. Here are some common things you should consider in a background screening - credit reports, drug tests, past and present employment details, criminal records, and driving records, workers compensation reports, etc. If the job role requires, you may also check sex offender records.Legal considerationsThough you can run a complete background check on a potential candidate, you should focus only on the checks that are required for the job at hand. You need to make sure that you are staying within the law.The federal laws protect applicants from discrimination based on age, sex, color, race, national origin, genetic information and disability.In addition to that, you need to comply with Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) while running background checks. As per FCRA law, you need to give reasons for declining the employment to a candidate, notify the candidate that the information is being obtained and protect the information collected.Also, you need to review the local state and municipality laws that regulate the use of the information for employment purposes.While conducting professional background checks for employment is necessary and quite valuable, you need to make sure that you are doing it thorough and as per law. It is always a better hire background checking service that can help you in this regard. About the Author Apollo Payroll is one of the premier small business payroll services in Coral Gables . Apollo Payroll is dedicated to delivering expert advice, responsive service, and highly accurate payroll processing and reporting. Their services include comprehensive online payroll services, employee background check and employee timekeeping services. Rating:
Should I Get a Business Credit Card or a Small Business Loan? Written by: Farran Powell 09/16/15 - 11:19 AM EDT NEW YORK (MainStreet) — Whether it’s to buy a big-ticket item or make payroll, access to credit with good terms is essential for the day-to-day operation and health of a small business.  Some 42% of companies with 11 to 50 employees name cash flow as a top challenge, according to a recent survey by Wasp Barcode Technologies, a Texas-based company that makes inventory-tracking systems for small businesses.  Borrowing money on favorable terms can grow an enterprise, but stiff repayments can hurt the business and reduce the firm's cash flow. Before applying for a business credit card or loan, understand the terms and conditions and APR rates.  Business Credit Cards How To Fight Back Against 401(k) Fees  A business credit card is one option to cover costs and allows you to establish a business credit history, which will help you further down the line be approved for larger loans at traditional banks.  Roughly 70% of small businesses operate as sole proprietorships, according to the Small Business Administration, a government agency that tracks data on small firms in the U.S.  It’s much easier to be approved for a business credit card than a six-figure business loan for a young business — especially if the business is less than two years old.  When it comes to business credit cards, the term business is used loosely — even sellers on popular online marketplaces, such as Etsy or eBay, can apply. If you're a sole proprietor, you can put down your Social Security number as verification and use your personal credit history to apply.  The advantage of business credit cards is they usually have higher credit limits than personal ones. The other pro is there are typically special introductory offers with rates as low as 0% interest for the first 12 months. It's essentially an interest-free loan for short-term cash if you pay on time. Some of these cards include sign-up cash bonuses.  The downside is some business credit cards carry a hefty penalty for late payments with punitive annual percentage rates (APR). These punitive, variable APRs can run as high as 29.9%. 1
September 28, 2015 Moon-Landing Equivalent for Robots: Assembling an IKEA Chair Robots are poor at many activities that humans find simple. Now roboticists are making progress on a task that exemplifies them all: the automated assembly of an IKEA chair.  Humans have long feared that robots are taking over the world. The truth, however, is more prosaic. It’s certainly the case that robots have revolutionized certain tasks such as car manufacturing, for example.  But in many real world tasks, robots come a poor second to humans. They find it impossible to work in the messy, cluttered environment that humans cope with easily. They have difficulty locating and picking up small objects and they lack the fine control to assemble components.  All these problems are exemplified in a single task—the assembly of an IKEA chair. This is an activity that many humans will have performed with varying degrees of success but one that robots simply cannot complete. At least not yet.  Now Francisco Suarez-Ruiz and Quang-Cuong Pham at the Nanyang Technological University in Singapore, have set themselves the goal of assembling an IKEA chair using a robot. And today, they reveal the progress they have made. Their robot isn’t quite capable of completing the entire task but it has taken significant steps in that direction.  The robot in question consists of two arms capable of six-axis motion, each equipped with parallel grippers to pick up objects. These grippers cannot manipulate objects “in-hand” once they are picked up. However, they are common in industry so any lessons that Suarez-Ruiz and Pham learn will be widely applicable.  The grippers also have force sensors to determine how strongly they are gripping and how powerfully they push objects into contact with each other. The robot also has a vision system consisting of six cameras that can track up to five objects with a positional accuracy of around three millimeters.  That’s an impressive piece of kit but it comes up against a formidable adversary in the form of an IKEA chair.  Suarez-Ruiz and Pham have broken down the job of assembly into various sub tasks. One of these is the insertion of a small wooden cylinder, a dowel, into a hole in another stick of wood.  This activity itself is made up of three tasks. First, one arm has to locate and pick up the dowel. Second, the other arm has to locate and pick up the wooden stick. Finally, the robot has to locate the hole and insert the dowel into it.  That robot immediately runs into a number of problems. The first is that the dowel is only a few millimeters in size and so close to the vision system’s limit of positional accuracy.  Suarez-Ruiz and Pham solve this with a protocol in which the robot places the parallel grippers near the dowel, while “feeling” that it is in contact with the table. It then closes its grip slowly to grasp the dowel.  The stick is easier to grasp. But the hole within it is hard to locate because it too is at the boundary of what the vision the system can detect.  Suarez-Ruiz and Pham have another protocol to solve this. The robot places the dowel on the stick near the hole and performs a pre-programmed sequence of motions to map out the shape of the surface and its edges using its force sensors. It then explores the surface near the hole by pushing the dowel gently against the surface until it enters the hole.  And that’s it—the first successful robotic insertion of a wooden dowel into a hole in something like real world conditions. Suarez-Ruiz and Pham have posted a video of their robot in action here .  That’s an important step toward the deceptively difficult task of assembling an IKEA chair. And the duo is determined to go further. “This work will continue until completion of all the tasks required for assembling an IKEA chair,” they say.  Of course, the conditions aren’t quite what most humans have to cope with. The parts are clearly visible on a white table under good lights, rather than strewn on the floor in a poorly lit attic surrounded by cardboard packaging. Neither are there other distractions such as missing parts, know-it-all “helpers” or screaming kids in background.  But perhaps the biggest problem is that this system cannot interact with humans, who have to be kept away entirely lest the robot injure them. That’s a problem that other groups are beginning to deal with.  Perhaps together, these groups will come up with a machine that can successfully complete tasks that require fine motor control, under a wide range of real world conditions without injuring the humans around them. In many ways, this goal is the equivalent of the moon landings for robotics—it is an extremely difficult, but easily imagined task that could have a huge impact on humankind.  For when that happens, robots really will have become useful household appliances that may well take over some aspects of our world.  Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1509.04806 : A Framework for Fine Robotic Assembly
Dan Rather's fall from grace after the 2004 '60 Minutes' report investigating the military service of President George W. Bush is detailed in 'Truth.' VPC Cate Blanchett (left) as Mary Mapes and Robert Redford as Dan Rather in 'Truth.' (Photo: Lisa Tomaestti, Sony Pictures Classics) CONNECT 12 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENT EMAIL MORE Landmark moments in American journalism are dominating cinema this fall. First up is Truth (opens Friday in New York and Los Angeles, expands nationwide Oct. 30), a story that digs into Dan Rather's legacy, starring Robert Redford as the CBS anchor and Cate Blanchett as his longtime producer Mary Mapes. Stars such as Mark Ruffalo and Rachel McAdams go into the trenches in Spotlight (Nov. 6), which puts viewers in step with Boston Globe journalists as they break their massive investigation into the Catholic Church pedophilia scandal. USA TODAY stacks the two big screen tales up. 'TRUTH' The big story: Truth focuses on events preceding Rather's final CBS sign-off in 2005, spurred by his controversial 60 Minutes II report questioning George W. Bush's pre-Vietnam service in the Texas Air National Guard. When documents that verified Bush's absence were discredited, Rather's contract wasn't renewed and Mapes was fired. Rather, who has defended the thrust of the report, accused the network of caving in to the White House, and in 2007, he sued CBS and parent company Viacom. The suit was dismissed. Trickiest element to navigate: "They know what he looks like, what he sounds like," says Redford, who watched Rather's newscasts to prepare. "I had to be careful not to do a caricature but get the essence." Director James Vanderbilt (the screenwriter behind Zodiac ) decided to forgo prosthetics and simply grayed Redford's hair. "We didn't set out to restore Dan's legacy," says Vanderbilt. "This was a guy who was at CBS News for 40 years. If ( Truth ) is having any kind of impact, it's because people are reminded of the breadth of this man's work." USA TODAY Redford takes on Rather's legacy in 'Truth' How they did it: Vanderbilt came across an excerpt of Mapes' book, Truth and Duty: The Press, The President and the Privilege of Power , in Vanity Fair . "I was really taken with it," he says. "I've always been passionate about journalism." But Mapes was hesitant to sell the movie rights. "I had to talk Mary into it," he says. "She was still sort of in a defensive crouch from what had happened." Inside the newsroom: Vanderbilt brings the audience into the urgency with which 60 Minutes builds sensitive reports — this particular story had to go in September to avoid an "October surprise" (aka a news event that could sway voters right before the November election). In Truth , "the title is about what everyone is trying to get to," says Vanderbilt. "How the sausage is made, how our news stories are baked, prepared and served to us." Advice from the real journos: "It was an unbreakable loyalty," the actor recalls Rather telling him. "The shock and despair (was) when they broke that loyalty." What the critics are saying: Industry experts are eying Blanchett as a possible Oscar nominee. "Blanchett gives this dynamo of intelligence and doggedness a real human dimension that allows the propulsive drama to breathe," The Hollywood Reporter wrote. "It's another stellar performance that rates among her best." Michael Keaton (left) and Mark Ruffalo star as 'Boston Globe' journalists in 'Spotlight.' (Photo: Kerry Hayes) 'SPOTLIGHT' The big story: Spotlight dives headfirst into the Pulitzer Prize-winning investigation by The Boston Globe's Spotlight team as they uncover a systematic cover-up by the Catholic Church to protect abusive priests. To date, the church has spent more than $3 billion addressing the crisis, and weeks ago in Philadelphia, Pope Francis met with five victims, saying "God weeps" for them. Trickiest element to navigate: Sifting through binders stuffed with hundreds of articles about the scandal published by the Globe . "Basically, we spent a lot of time investigating the investigation," says director Tom McCarthy. USA TODAY 'Spotlight' gets big awards buzz at TIFF How they did it: The movie doesn't depict what happened behind clergy doors with children. "Our approach was through the reporters' experience," the director says. The challenge was transporting the audience back to a time before there was knowledge of the abuse. Inside the Globe , "there was not a naiveté toward the church, but no one had any idea of the scope of the crime," an investigation that began with a dozen abusive priests and ballooned to 90 in the Boston area alone. Michael Keaton, Mark Ruffalo, Rachel McAdams and Liev Schreiber star in the trailer for 'Spotlight.' Open Road Films Advice from the real journos: A host of personalities are juggled in Spotlight , including no-nonsense new editor-in-chief Marty Baron (Liev Schreiber); Ben Bradlee Jr. (John Slattery), the deputy managing editor initially wary of the investigation; protective Spotlight editor (Michael Keaton); and his gaggle of intrepid reporters (Ruffalo, McAdams and Brian d'Arcy James). "There's a particular kind of culture that develops over time" in a newsroom, says McCarthy, based on an evolving mass of "sharing, privacy, ego and randomness." Inside the newsroom: Spotlight literally invaded the Globe 's morning news meeting. The goal? "Let's pass their litmus test." Three weeks before production, "we sat with the reporters and went line by line, scene by scene" for accuracy, McCarthy says. "That was really helpful." What the critics are saying: Variety puts Spotlight in the mold of "slow-building, quietly gripping journalistic procedurals" such as All the President's Men. Deadline reports "many pundits are already declaring Spotlight a best picture front-runner." CONNECT 12 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENT //usat.ly/1LsPiL5 TOP VIDEOS
If Congress can get past the threat of a government shutdown this week, the prospects for Senate floor action on cybersecurity legislation would brighten appreciably. But opponents of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act, which is primed for Senate consideration this fall, are promising to make the process as painful as possible for senators and companies that back the legislation. A large bipartisan majority in the House has already passed info-sharing legislation, so the Senate is now the focus of intense lobbying efforts. How painful could opponents make it? A recent show of support for legislation on info-sharing by 13 technology companies prompted a sharp-edged social media campaign denouncing the firms for "betraying" online privacy principles. By the middle of last week, the digital rights group Fight for the Future was claiming 15,000 "angry emails" had been sent to companies that signed a Sept. 14 letter to congressional leaders calling for action on info-sharing. The industry letter was orchestrated by BSA/The Software Alliance and signed by Microsoft, Apple, Adobe Systems, IBM, Oracle, Siemens, Symantec, Altium, AutoDesk, CA Technologies, DataStax, MiniTab and Salesforce. Of note, the industry letter cited the potential benefits of "cyberthreat information sharing legislation" without specifically mentioning the Senate Intelligence Committee-passed cyberbill or similar House-passed measures. Further, it buried the endorsement within a laundry list of tech-sector legislative priorities. It was a relatively mild call for action, especially in comparison to the pro-cyberbill campaigns undertaken by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other industry groups. The U.S. Chamber has been going toe-to-toe with online privacy activists in the social media battle over the bill. Many industry groups say improved information sharing among companies and between industry and government is essential to better understanding and responding to a fast-changing cyberthreat environment. The pending cyberlegislation contains extensive elements to protect "personally identifiable information" within the sharing process, supporters say. Tech companies risk far greater political blowback for endorsing cyberlegislation than do groups representing the energy or banking sectors, for example. The digital rights activists were particularly offended by the declaration of support for cyberlegislation by companies like Microsoft, which famously dropped their backing for similar House legislation in previous years over privacy concerns. Privacy groups announced they would boycott web-hosting and other services provided by companies that endorse CISA. According to Fight for the Future, "The public backlash has come with a simple message: 'You betrayed us.'" The group wrote: "Fight for the Future plans to continue exposing companies that support anti-user legislation like CISA, and will work to get every popular website and tech company on the record about this crucial legislation. Many popular companies have opposed bills like CISA including Reddit, Imgur, Namecheap, Wordpress and Mozilla." Is the social media campaign having an impact? "Vocal minorities," commented one Senate staffer in an office actively pushing to get the bill to the floor. "It sure hasn't reached the level of a couple of years ago." The source said protests pale in comparison to the online "blackout" organized in 2012 in opposition to the "Stop Online Privacy Act." And yet, if and when the info-sharing bill makes it to the floor, the digital rights groups' position will be amplified by Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., who delivered what amounted to a manifesto against info-sharing legislation during an early August floor speech. Wyden said the "voluntary" info-sharing process in the bill was a sham, because individuals would have no say in whether their personal data was shared between industry and government. The Oregon Democrat said the liability protection offered under the bill strips citizens of their right to seek legal redress when their personal information is mishandled. And, Wyden said, leading technologists believe the bill just wouldn't do much to improve cybersecurity. Despite this determined opposition, it's difficult to see opponents being able to block the bill if it does reach the floor. Based on past comments and procedural votes, more than a dozen Democrats seem inclined to vote for an info-sharing bill as long as the process is seen as fair and senators have a chance to adjust the measure through amendments. No more than a handful, and perhaps only two or three, Republicans are seen in the "no" camp. And the White House is encouraging Senate passage, which would lead to negotiations over a final version of the legislation. The calendar is still probably the biggest obstacle. The short-term government funding agreement likely to pass this week will probably carry over until Dec. 11, giving lawmakers two months to work on other legislative business as they seek a final deal on funding for the rest of fiscal 2016, which begins on Oct. 1. The Senate has other priorities, including the defense authorization bill, highway funding, Toxic Substances Control Act reform and the assorted legislative wish-lists of 100 senators. But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., agreed in August on the basic outlines of a cybersecurity debate, specifying that a total of 22 amendments could be offered for consideration. The leaders still must reach a time agreement on the overall debate, a procedural step that has consistently foiled efforts to get the measure to the floor. That could involve a tricky effort to get senators on board for paring down the amendment list to a more manageable number. But if the threat of a government shutdown goes away this week, the possibility of a thorough cybersecurity debate on the Senate floor, the first in three years, seems increasingly likely. Charlie Mitchell is editor of InsideCybersecurity.com, an exclusive service covering cybersecurity policy from Inside Washington Publishers.
John Pierson has the kind of diverse and accomplished creative resume that can make many of us feel like shiftless do-nothings. The Mount Prospect native is the co-founder of Screeching Weasel, one of the most influential punk bands of the '80s and '90s, and a member of several other bands. He's a longtime member of the Neo-Futurists, an experimental theater troupe based in Chicago. He's a successful playwright. He's published two novels. He's an actor and a teacher. related advertisement video "Summer Comes" All of that work didn't stop him, though, from recently adding yet another item to his resume: Podcaster. Pierson, known in his Screeching Weasel days as "John Jughead," produces a regular podcast titled "Jughead's Basement," in which he pays tribute to his favorite rock and punk albums by interviewing the bands who made them. The idea for the podcast, available at jugheadsbasement.com , emerged from a couple of places, Pierson says. First, he was (and is) a passionate rock 'n' roll fan, the kind who can't resist a chance to talk about bands, songs and albums with others similarly obsessed. The second factor was a flood in his basement that destroyed a number of his prized vinyl records. "I realized then that instead of just replacing those records, I could bring them to life in a different, less tangible kind of way," Pierson, 48, said in a phone interview. "I'd gotten to be friends with a lot of bands, and I thought interviewing them about great albums they'd made would be a cool way to re-create them." And so, "Jughead's Basement" was born. Each episode focuses on a particular album that's important to Pierson. He talks about the album himself, but he also includes interviews with band members and commentary from friends, critics and journalists. He interviews the band members separately, so that each gets an equal chance to contribute to the overall story. And he doesn't post an episode unless he can get roughly three-quarters of the members to grant interviews. "It's important to me that the story be as complete as possible," he said. "That's part of why I do the interviews separately. In a group setting, it's pretty common for one member to kind of take charge and dominate the conversation." The very first episode came out in 2012, and it focused on the soundtrack album to the 1984 cult film "Repo Man." The album, which featured tracks from bands like Black Flag, the Circle Jerks and Suicidal Tendencies, introduced Pierson to punk while he was a Northwest suburban teenager who spent his time hanging out (and eventually working) at the old Randhurst Mall movie theater. "That record was definitely an eye-opener for me," he said. "It seemed natural to start the podcast with it." Other episodes focus on bands as varied as the Feelies, Big Black, Naked Raygun and the Promise Ring. He even did one on "My Brain Hurts," the beloved 1991 record from Screeching Weasel. Assembling a podcast episode is difficult work, Pierson said, particularly at the editing stage. But he finds it as creatively rewarding as his other artistic pursuits. "It's when the editing starts that the creativity comes into play," he said. "I try to make the episodes flow well, so that they follow the progression of the album they're discussing, with the right balance of talk and music." The podcast, which is free, remains a labor of love for Pierson, something he works on in between his various other creative pursuits. He recently spent time in New York and San Francisco working with Neo Futurist companies in those cities, and he remains active in music, as well. Not long ago, he spent about a year in Japan, portraying a character at a Universal Studios theme park. "Growing up, I didn't really have any serious creative ambitions," he said. "It was the formation of Weasel in the '80s that made start to take that seriously. "My professional choices haven't always been the most lucrative," he added with a laugh. "But I'm very thankful for what I've been able to do."  Life & Entertainment Mount Prospect Entertainment Music
Kraton Performance Polymers Inc. said Monday that it has agreed to buy closely held Arizona Chemical Holdings Corp. for $1.37 billion in cash. Arizona Chemical makes chemicals found in things like breakfast cereal packaging and car tires from renewable...
Jay Fishman, who is stepping down as chief executive officer of Travelers Cos. because of his health, said he’s confident in the insurer’s next generation of leaders because of what they’ve already accomplished. “We were an ensemble cast,” Fishman, 62, said Wednesday at a conference sponsored by Barclays Plc. “I was the conductor in the front, in the fancy tuxedo getting all the applause, but everybody else behind me was playing the instruments. And they’re really good musicians. I had the privilege of being in that position, but without that orchestra, we weren’t going to be anything.” Alan Schnitzer, 49, who leads Travelers’ business-and-international insurance segment, its largest, will become CEO Dec. 1, Travelers said last month. Fishman, who is fighting amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS, ran the company for more than a decade after combining Travelers with St. Paul Cos. He steered the insurer through the financial crisis while avoiding losses tied to subprime mortgages, and Travelers was added in 2009 to the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Travelers has declined 4.7 percent from Dec. 31 through yesterday after advancing for six straight years in New York trading. Fishman sought to assure investors Wednesday that the company was well prepared for succession. He said that middlemen who sell Travelers policies to commercial clients are already comfortable dealing with Schnitzer. Many of New York-based company’s top managers, such as Chief Investment Officer Bill Heyman and Chief Financial Officer Jay Benet have been with the company for more than a decade. Fishman will remain chairman. While he called ALS a “miserable disease,” he said he was fortunate to have support from his family and the company. “All things considered, I’m in a very lucky place, and I’m doing just fine,” he said.
Nigeria: Buhari's Administocracy - APC's Silences By Uddin Ifeanyi  Essentially... the new barbarians are in our midst; and they are not just a first world phenomenon. Given how much they have made life easier elsewhere, we ought to welcome this development.  Much has been made of how the revolution in information and communications technology (ICT) has helped improve the ease of access to and convenience of use of services across economies -- from banking through commerce. In manufacturing, the disruption has been less sanguine. Automation has wiped out much work that previously depended on brawns on the shop floor. It is currently threatening middle level workplace functions (that include large repetitive content).  So complete is the ICT disruption that even our contemporary Luddites are equally bothered. They understand the need to rally against this new machine age. Yet cannot ignore the irony of having to carry out much of their organising through smartphones and the internet.  In those places where this impact has been felt the most, the demographic context has compensated. With many of the countries in the OECD struggling with falling birth numbers and the greying of their societies, robots have usefully taken up the slack.  For frontier emerging markets, like Nigeria, much of the conversation around these phenomena and the trends around them (how the sharing economy, for instance, threatens to re-define what "work" means), therefore, have occurred in spite of us. We have been spectators of a sort.  At least that is what I thought until recently.  ... what all of the telcos are doing with their call credit is, strictly speaking, "retail lending"; and it is on a daily basis far bigger than what most of our local banks do.  Then I get told, first, that MTN, the leading domestic telecommunications company may have ceased to define itself as a telco since 2011. On one hand, given the size of its call credit business, analysts have started describing it as the leading lender in the domestic space. The numbers that I have heard being discussed are mind-boggling. I do not have official numbers, and so I am loth to repeat them here. But it suffices to say that what all of the telcos are doing with their call credit is, strictly speaking, "retail lending"; and it is on a daily basis far bigger than what most of our local banks do. Second, MTN seems to have acquired a license to stream pay-tv through phones on its GSM network.  Then there is the case of Nigeria's leading shopping mall chain. Yes, Shoprite. It would seem that management there has decided to acquire a license to provide transaction switching and electronic payments processing services. On the back of this, the markets expect that Shoprite would begin to issue electronic cards to their customers.  Essentially, therefore, the new barbarians are in our midst; and they are not just a first world phenomenon. Given how much they have made life easier elsewhere, we ought to welcome this development.  There is but one difficulty. These digital barbarians are knocking at a gate about which economies like ours are unnecessarily finicky: the banking sector. There are a number of threats in these developments for the banks. First is the danger from customers of these businesses keeping "wallets" with them. As our nascent e-retail businesses have demonstrated, these wallets make both payments and refunds easier; and so make sense.  However, every wallet that each customer of our new ecommerce businesses opens with the digital disrupters is deposit fleeing the banks. Worse, is that the banks still get saddled with the vault cash management expenses associated with these wallets. Then there is the distinct possibility that the ecommerce operations may then aggregate their respective customers' "wallets" and return same to the banks at much higher deposit rates.  Our banks should join in the disruption of their currently staid operations as part of the process of improving customers' experience... It would help even more, if the regulators could learn to stay out of the way while these changes are afoot.  It could get worse, when you consider that these businesses have proven more adept at mining customer data than our banks have been. In which case, from "customer buying behaviour" data to insights on their spending patterns, chances are that these businesses would be able to build databases on their customers that would make any credit bureau livid, and eventually lend more profitably to their retail customers.  On these measures, the danger to what the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) calls "deposit money banks" is not just of their respective lunch packs being expropriated by these insurgents. It is that they run the risk of being redefined out of existence.  Okay!!! I exaggerate. But only a bit. It is easy to point to the West and indicate that even more robust challenges to the financial services sector there from non-bank insurgents has not removed the former's raison d'être. However, peculiarities in our space lend all the difference. The default setting of our banks is regulatory protection. The default setting of our financial sector regulators is "bank cossetting".  Together these would ensure that the banks' response to these digital disrupters would be to raise and reinforce the battlements that separate "their business" from commerce. This would be the instinctive thing to do; but it would not necessary be a wise response.  Ease of access. Convenience of use. These are the new tests of businesses' value propositions in the digital age. Our banks should join in the disruption of their currently staid operations as part of the process of improving customers' experience.  It would help even more, if the regulators could learn to stay out of the way while these changes are afoot. Nigeria  Students of the University of Lagos, UNILAG, Akoka, on Monday, shut the university's two exit gates, to protest what … see more » Copyright © 2015 Premium Times. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .
Amazing Race's Phil Keoghan Breaks Down Team Texas and Justin's "Super Intense" Rivalry There are eight teams left on The Amazing Race 27, but so far this season has mostly been about two: the Green Team of ... Comment Ag Journal Online - La Junta, CO By TV Guide Posted Oct. 15, 2015 at 2:50 PM Updated at 5:08 PM Posted Oct. 15, 2015 at 2:50 PM Updated at 5:08 PM There are eight teams left on The Amazing Race 27 , but so far this season has mostly been about two: the Green Team of Justin and Diana vs. Team Texas' Tanner and Josh . "It's super intense between them, isn't it?" Phil Keoghan tells TVGuide.com . "They just do not get along. It's a lot of brash personalities. Justin lives and breathes the Race and is a bit of a know-it-all about it. Everyone sees [the Green Team] as a threat. There are a lot of teams who would like to see them go away besides Texas." But it is Tanner and Josh who are leading the charge to boot them. At the end of last week's episode, with the Double U-Turn in play this week in Zambia, the boys had an alluring offer that teams might not be able to refuse: Should anyone get to the Double U-Turn before Team Texas, they will give their Express Pass to the team who U-Turns Justin and Diana. Will their best laid plan go awry? Keoghan gives us the scoop on the big showdown, who he had pegged to win, next season and more. Fall TV Popularity Contest: Vote for your favorite new show now! Justin is rubbing everyone the wrong way. What do you think of him and his racing style? Phil Keoghan: He wants to let people know that he knows a lot about the Race . It might be to intimidate them, which I think is actually working because everybody has identified him and Diana as a dominant force. Let's not leave out Diana in this. She's just as strong, but he's obviously the one people have issue with. He's decided to let everyone know they're a dominant force and I think it's psyching a lot of teams out. Everybody's like, "Oh my God! They know so much." People are nervous with them around because they are walking encyclopedias of The Amazing Race . We've had superfans on the show before, but these guys are a whole other level. I would not think that's an exaggeration [that he has seen every season three times]. Page 2 of 5 - He's clearly excited about the Race , but he is so laser-focused on it that he can't see the forest for the trees. He's so easily frustrated when things don't go his way. Keoghan: Right. He gets to a point where he's so super excited and so emotional. His face says it all. He broke down crying the first leg. The idea that they could've been out the first leg -- I don't know if he could've lived with himself. I can't say this to Diana, but this is definitely the biggest thing in his life and he has a fight in him that is threatening the other racers. ... We're set up for a really fantastic fourth leg because Team Texas has everyone on board to get them out. ... I think it's a smart move for Texas to target them. They have the power of the Express Pass, which is to be used to get ahead. If ever there is a time to get ahead and get rid of a threat, this is the time to use it. They have to use it by the end of the fifth leg, so all the planets are aligned right now to execute something to push out their biggest threat. It's rare that the whole cast plots so vocally to get one team out and have a game plan. Do you think it's consequence of getting the Express Pass from Texas or just Justin's personality? Keoghan: My personal feeling is that it has a lot to do with him. I think if this were a weaker team, nobody would be having this conversation. The only reason everyone is targeting them is strictly their presence. They're the most impactful team that is on the Race right now. I think fans are either loving Justin's enthusiasm or they are annoyed by him. They either love to hate him or they love him. Obviously you can't spoil it, but how successful are they? It's one thing to have a game plan, but it's hard to execute it on the Race . Keoghan: What I love about the Race is that even if you want someone gone, it's not that simple. You can't just gang up and vote them out. There are always elements that neutralize teams. There's the flight factor. There's getting through the challenges. There's adapting to the new city or country. You can never just look at the way it is in the beginning of the leg and make an accurate prediction. Team Texas is taking a really big risk, being so bold as to announce to everyone what they're doing. If they're not successful, they have to deal with continuing the Race with them. How will Justin and Diana try to save themselves? Page 3 of 5 - Keoghan: The Green Team is smart enough to know everyone wants them out. What's really interesting is whether the other teams are going to stick their necks out like Team Texas is. If they're not, that could backfire. It was kind of fun at the mat and telling them there's a Double U-Turn ahead. Again, all the planets have aligned for a major showdown in Africa. We have all the ingredients for a dramatic leg in Africa and it is really dramatic. Team Texas also has that pressure of having to use the Express Pass and not knowing what's ahead, which is the best task to skip. Fall TV Eye Candy: TV's hottest men Tanner pulled his hamstring in Leg 2. Is that going to foil them? Keoghan: That's a big issue. A lot of fans have been comparing it to Dave [injuring his Achilles in Season 22]. We jam them into these planes on these long flights and that's like the worst thing to do to your legs. I don't know if people realize the toll the travel aspect takes. It's definitely taking out one of their biggest strengths, speed. They're just not as fast as they were. They don't have that advantage over the other teams now. But you know they're not going to give up with Justin and Diana there. ... I can say that as long as they're on [the show] together, they're gonna be rivals. So I guess cross your fingers both those teams stay in for a long time. Almost all the other teams have taken a backseat to these two. Which other teams do you like? Keoghan: I like the mixture, like Denise and James Earl . I did penalize her for cheating. ... It's incredibly difficult for team members to stand back and watch during Roadblocks. You're gonna see in an upcoming episode someone get really frustrated with their teammate because they're just struggling like crazy. Their teammate is just beside themselves watching them fail over and over again. It's really hard. There's a tremendous amount of guilt for people when they feel like they're letting down a teammate. We've seen it before. That's one of the great things about splitting them up during Roadblocks. You can't just rely on one strong team member. Who do you like? The reporters are pretty competent and are flying under the radar. Keoghan: The newsreaders have been very composed, but if they do stay in it, they might not look like they're sitting at a news desk anymore. When you do 12 shows in 21 days, it breaks some people. I also think it's comforting for all of us watching to see really smart teams make mistakes. I do like the doctors and the dynamic between them. They are both so bright. I think they are used to having control over things in their life, going to med school and dental school. This is forcing them out of their comfort zone where they're failing. Page 4 of 5 - How bad were your predictions this time? Keoghan: Always wrong. I was very sad about the dancers. I think of all the teams, from a personal level, that was the team I wanted to see win. I wanted to be part of the story where these dancers come in, one of whom is living in his car, and they have this once-in-a-lifetime experience around the world and walks away with enough money to change his life. I was surprised they were eliminated as early as they were. It felt like they would've gotten stronger as they went on. They were like Dave and Mary, completely out of their element. This was something so fresh and so new for them. Talking to fans online, they really love them and miss them. Fall TV Eye Candy: TV's hottest women They were a fun contrast to the fighting between Texas and Green. Keoghan: Yeah, they were the team everyone fell for because of their demeanor, their relationship and the way they went out, dancing and trying to look at the bright side of life. I had them in my final three. ... I'm always surprised by the final three. I look back at Mike and Rochelle. No one expected them. I picked Mike and Scott to win [Season 25]. I really saw them going a lot further. And the border patrol guys, Art and JJ. They got second. Keoghan: Yeah. At the beginning, you think a certain thing about a team and then they surprise you. You see their vulnerability or them weak against a team. Maybe that's one of my closest predictions: second place! I loved seeing you on Big Brother this summer and bringing in Jeff and Jackie. Did you watch or keep up to see how they did? Keoghan: I would love to tell you that I sat there glued to the TV. I'm so bad with TV. I apologize. I got updates and apparently people liked them and thought they added to the show, so that was good. Would you agree with that? Yeah. Jeff went out early, but people liked Jackie a lot. She was a surprise eviction in the first double eviction and people were very angry about that. I think she could've done well had she stayed or come back into the game. Keoghan: I like her. She's fiery. I always felt like she had more potential on the Race too. They got unlucky in Monaco with directions . Page 5 of 5 - I just liked that racers finally invaded Big Brother since five houseguests have been on the Race and Brenchel did it twice. Will there be another crossover soon? Keoghan: We might have something interesting lined up for next season. Season 28 might surprise you. Having talked to you as much as I have, I think you'll like it. The Amazing Race airs Fridays at 8/7c on CBS. Watch an exclusive sneak peek of Friday's episode below. (Full disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS.) Other Links From TVGuide.com
Pictures of supermoon eclipse are in Sun, Earth, moon lined up just right Author: By Ben Brumfield, Jareen Imam and Todd Leopold CNN Published On: Sep 28 2015 11:22:13 AM CDT Updated On: Sep 28 2015 11:42:32 AM CDT 1 / 12 Matt Cardy/Getty Images  The supermoon rises behind Glastonbury Tor on Sept. 28 in Somerset, England. The supermoon - so called because it is the closet full moon to the Earth this year - is particularly rare as it coincides with a lunar eclipse, a combination that has not happened since 1982 and won't happen again until 2033. Amazing photos of the rare 'Super Blood Moon' (CNN) -  The sun, the Earth and the moon lined up in a row to put on a light show in Sunday's night sky, and people around the world looked up to watch the lunar eclipse. Related Content By Todd Leopold CNN  It was a special one for at least two reasons.  First, this moon was a supermoon. It happened to be at perigee, the spot in its slightly oblong orbit that brings it closest to the Earth. And that made it look particularly large in the sky.  Second, this lunar eclipse was the last in a series of four spanning two years, a phenomenon called a tetrad. Those can happen a couple of times in a century, or they can make themselves very rare, skipping over a few centuries.  The last supermoon total lunar eclipse occurred 33 years ago.  Spotting the supermoon eclipse  Space fans and sky watchers throughout much of the world were able to see the supermoon eclipse.  Renata Arpasova from Swindon, England, stayed up into the early morning hours Monday to photograph the copper-colored moon shining among the glittering stars. "We were meant to have clouds, but miracles do happen and we ended up with clear skies," she said.  In Ohrid, Macedonia, Stojan Stojanovski waited through cloudy, rainy weather on the roof of his house to get a glimpse of the lunar event. He was mesmerized by the reddish color and was able to capture several shots of the eclipsing moon basking over the city.  "The eclipse had a beautiful start with the clouds, and for the final hour everything was clear," he said.  In the Netherlands, photography student Annemiek Schout said the eclipsing moon was one of the most beautiful sights she has seen, especially with its reddish hue.  "It was a magical experience," Schout said.  Blood moon  Some people call the totally eclipsed moon a "blood moon" for the rusty red-orange color it turns once it is completely in the Earth's shadow. That shadow isn't perfect, so faint sunbeams sneak around the shadow's edges on all sides in the colors of a sunset, bathing the moon in brilliant, warm hues.  Some others who saw the eclipse found it less exciting than the hype that preceded it.  "What people expect their pictures to look like tonight vs what they will look like #SuperBloodMoon," one user tweeted, with two pictures for comparison -- the first a huge, red ball, the second a tiny dot.  In Jerusalem, a CNN team saw Christians gathered near the Temple Mount late Sunday watching the eclipse and singing songs, holding hands.  "It's a beautiful sight in the nighttime sky," said astronomer Mark Hammergren. "It's a way of connecting us to the universe at large. It gives us this view that there's a bigger picture than just what we're concerned with in our daily lives."  The next supermoon eclipse isn't due until 2033.  Copyright 2015 by CNN NewSource . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Google Inc.’s YouTube is unveiling a new way for businesses to get people shopping through the video service. Marketers will be able to buy advertisements to run during product-focused videos, such as a review of a professional camera or someone talking about new running shoes, YouTube said Tuesday in a blog post. The feature will let users click on a small icon that will expand to show the item’s details, such as pictures and prices. Viewers can then click again if they want to purchase the item on the retailer’s site. Google is investing in new ways to drive shopping-related activities on YouTube as users increasingly turn to its instructional and informational videos when they’re researching something they want to buy. Earlier this year the company unveiled a feature for its TrueView ads that lets businesses place more information on products within the video promotions. The new YouTube offering is being announced as part of Advertising Week, an annual event in New York that focuses on the latest trends and products in the ad industry. YouTube will roll out the click-to-buy service in the coming months, following similar moves by parent Google and social networks such as Facebook Inc.’s Instagram and Pinterest Inc. to make it easier to shop via their sites. “YouTube has become the place the world comes to watch, share and engage with video,” the company said in the post. “And we want to keep creating even better experiences for the viewers, advertisers and creators who turn to YouTube every day.”
Companies mentioned in this article: Grand View Research, Inc.  SAN FRANCISCO, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/29/15 -- The global consumer electronics market is expected to reach USD 838.85 billion by 2020, according to a new study by Grand View Research, Inc. Recent technological advancements have led to the miniaturization of smart devices, and are expected to be key factor driving the consumer electronics industry. High investment, availability of cost effective devices due to mass production, and a range of diverse applications are also expected to be the key growth drivers.  Consumers are narrowing their technology interest to devices that offer multiple functions. Single-function products such as portable music players, digital cameras, etc. have witnessed considerable decline owing to the advent of multi-function devices. For example, there has been a considerable rise in smartphone ownership in 2013, while ownership of digital cameras has declined. End users have become more platform-agnostic as they are open to experimenting with different platforms such as Windows, Android and iOS, which is also expected to catapult consumer electronics market demand over the forecast period.  Browse full research report with TOC on "Personal/Consumer Electronics Market Analysis By Product (Smartphones, Tablets, Desktops, Laptops/Notebooks, Digital Cameras, Hard Disk Drives, E-readers) And Segment Forecasts To 2020" at: http://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/personal-consumer-electronics-market  Increasing penetration of BYOD has presented growth avenues. Long-battery life, processors and large screens along with other value-added features is also expected to favorably impact personal electronics market growth over the next few years. Consumer electronics manufacturers focus on gaining a level of insight into service adoption on smartphones and related pricing strategies to target end users.  Further key findings from the study suggest: The smartphone market is poised for high growth over the next six years, which may be attributed to increased emphasis on devices integrating several advanced features such as audio, GPS and high-end cameras. Emerging concepts such as pervasive computing along with several communication technologies, including 4G/5G LTE are also expected to drive demand. Laptops, desktops, and notebooks accounted for considerable revenue share in 2013. Introduction of new low end-devices and affordability are key factors driving the tablet market growth. The overall increase is also expected to stem from substitution of conventional laptops with tablets Digital camera market sales may witness a decline over the next few years. Consumer preference for devices such as smartphones that offer multi-functionality is expected to hinder the digital camera market. Asia Pacific consumer electronics market captured sizable volume share, which can be primarily attributed to high demand in China and India as well as considerable product penetration in the region. Key industry players such as Samsung, Apple, LG, Huawei and ZTE focus on providing a wide product portfolio and product differentiation as a core business strategy. Sales and distribution activities involve a mix of direct sales, distributors and third-party representatives, retail outlets, independent dealers etc. Distribution activities have become a key area of focus for all companies owing to wide adoption of these products.  Grand View Research has segmented the global consumer electronics market on the basis of product and region: Consumer Electronics Product Outlook (Volume, Million Units & Revenue, USD Billion; 2012 - 2020) Smartphones
One Direction Teases Fans With New Track Names Cody LaGrow 6:08 PM, Oct 12, 2015  Photo Credit: Getty Images / Stephen Lovekin  One Direction is Snapchatting on a Segway to promote its new album, making us ask, when is it enough already?  Niall's never been more right. Never enough. 1D released the full track listing for "Made In The A.M." on Snapchat, and it looks like we're promised 17 songs from the boy band's farewell album. The band is set to go on an extended hiatus in March .  So we should enjoy their antics together while we can. They're giving us a lot to work with.  Our faves from across the pond made us laugh last week in the midst of their sold-out tour when Harry Styles stopped a concert for four minutes in order to hear the name of the 7-year-old he wanted to wish a happy birthday. (Video via Sony Music Entertainment / One Direction )  Nice to know they're still smiling after Apple Music accidentally leaked the name of their next single, "Perfect." Fans will get to hear that song first thing on Friday, which means we get a further sampling of what they've been teasing us with since August. (Video via Sony Music Entertainment / One Direction )  "It's all quite different. There's a couple nice, slow, sort of usual One Direction songs on there. But we've taken a lot of inspiration from, like, older artists , I guess, which is like the Police feel on 'Drag Me Down,'" explained Liam Payne on ABC's "Good Morning America" in August.  The band's first single release from the new album, "Drag Me Down," shattered Spotify records for one-day streams — it played 4.75 million times by 1.2 million One Direction fans worldwide.  One Direction's album is set for release Nov. 13, going head-to-head with Justin Bieber's album release date. It's sure to be a hair-flipping pretty-boy battle you better wear your skinny jeans for.  Full track list for "Made In The A.M.":  1. "Hey Angel"
The drummer for the rock band Journey has pleaded guilty to domestic violence charges. A judge in Salem, Oregon, sentenced Deen Castronovo on Monday to four years on probation. Castronovo will be required to undergo counseling for domestic violence offenders and drug abuse. The Marion County District Attorney's Office says Castronovo faces more than five years in prison if he violates the terms of his probation. Castronovo was arrested June 14. Proescutors said he knowingly caused physical injury to a woman. He was arrested again two weeks later and ordered to stay behind bars when prosecutors said he texted the woman 122 times and called her 35 times despite a no-contact order. Castronovo has been with Journey since 1998, when he replaced Steve Smith.
Defeat the Zombie Apocalypse Zombie hunting in Tukwila.  //www.king5.com/story/entertainment/2015/10/13/zombie-hunting/73864674/   Join the Conversation To   Defeat the Zombie Apocalypse 8:29 a.m. PDT October 13, 2015 Zombie hunting in Tukwila. Team Evening on the hunt for zombies. (Photo: KING-TV)
Johannesburg - A woman who allegedly tried to smuggle drugs worth R4.6m into the country is not a celebrity, police said. "Contrary to public belief, the arrested woman is not a South African celebrity," Brigadier Vishnu Naidoo said. The SA Revenue Service said earlier that the woman was a South African actress. Spokesperson Luther Lebelo said the woman, after arriving from Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates, went through the "nothing to declare" channel at the OR Tambo International Airport on Sunday, when she was stopped by customs officials.
Danbury native Kelly Gleason part of national tour of ‘42nd Street,’ on stage at Waterbury Palace Linda Tucci , Connecticut Post Published 11:07 am, Wednesday, October 7, 2015 Photo: Martin Bentsen / Contributed Photo Image 1 of / 2 Close Image 1 of 2  Danbury native Kelly Gleason is part of the dance ensemble in “42nd Street”on tour and on stage at the Palace Theater in Waterbury this weekend. Photo: Martin Bentsen / Contributed Photo Danbury native Kelly Gleason is part of the dance ensemble in... Image 2 of 2  This weekend “42nd Street” comes to the Palace Theater in Waterbury with Kelly Gleason, a Danbury native, in the cast.. Gleason is the third dancer from the right. Photo: Chris Bennion /Contributed Photo This weekend “42nd Street” comes to the Palace Theater in... Danbury native Kelly Gleason part of national tour of ‘42nd Street,’ on stage at Waterbury Palace 1 / 2 Back to Gallery  When Danbury native Kelly Gleason , 20, saw that auditions were being held for a national tour of “42nd Street,” she knew she had to try out for it. The quintessential backstage musical was the first Broadway show she ever saw, and it’s her favorite.  “I remember showing my dance teacher the playbill ... and said, ‘This is what I want to do,’ ” she said.  A classic, “42nd Street” comes to the Palace Theater in Waterbury this weekend. Gleason, a triple threat, nailed her audition — which attracted hundreds of girls — and looks forward to seeing friends and family when the show runs Friday and Saturday, Oct. 9 and 10. More Information  Palace Theater, 100 E. Main St., Waterbury. Friday, Oct. 9, 8 p.m.; Saturday, Oct. 10, 2 and 8 p.m. $64, $57, $52. 203-346-2000, palacetheaterct.org  The song-and-dance fable features tunes such as “We’re In the Money,” “Dames” and “I Only Have Eyes For You.” Based on a novel by Bradford Ropes and Busby Berkeley’s 1933 movie, it tells the story of a starry-eyed young dancer named Peggy Sawyer who leaves home and comes to New York City to audition for the new Broadway musical “Pretty Lady.”  Gleason, who auditioned in February and started rehearsals in August, spoke about the production in a recent phone interview, just before its opening in Salt Lake City. She’s in the ensemble, and said this is the first time she has ever been part of a national tour.  “I get to be in all the big dance numbers, which is the best part,” she said. “In the opening number everyone is auditioning. It’s 1933 during the Great Depression, and we all want to get a paycheck. It’s a huge tap number and it’s lively and exciting — one of my absolute favorite parts of the show.”  Joining the production meant taking a leave of absence from her studies at Pace University , where she had been pursuing a degree in commercial dance.  “It was a big decision to leave school, but I couldn’t pass up this opportunity because the director (Mark Bramble) and choreographer ( Randy Skinner ) of the tour won a Tony for Best Musical Revival when they did ‘42nd Street’ on Broadway in 2001.”  Gleason said that because Bramble also co-wrote the original script in the early 1980s, he knows the show down to the last letter.  “He really has a special idea of what the show is supposed to be because he has been with it since the beginning,” she said.  Bramble instructed cast members to research the Great Depression and share stories about what they had learned at the start of their rehearsals, Gleason said. Bramble shared interesting stories, too. He told the cast how he got the idea to make “42nd Street” into a musical after seeing the movie, which starred Ginger Rogers .  Always in love with with musical theater, Gleason has been in many shows over the years, including “Crazy for You” and “Chicago.” She started with ballet lessons as a young girl and quickly moved on to tap and other dance styles, at schools such as FineLine Theatre Arts in New Milford. She also studied voice and acting.  An only child, Gleason recalls listening to soundtracks from shows and choreographing them in her family’s kitchen. She even drew admission tickets to give to her parents. “I was that kid who’s always saying, ‘Mom, dad, you have to come watch this!’”  As for her favorite number in this weekend’s show, she said it’s “42nd Street.”  “I love how iconic it is,” Gleason said. “Everyone knows 42nd Street.”  ltucciokoonz@newstimes.com; Twitter: @LindaTKoonz
Submitted by admin on 9/28/2015 @ 7:00 AM   PTS Multimedia  SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., Sept 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- PTS Multimedia, a forward thinking Digital Advertising agency, announced today that they will be launching Proj X 360, a collaborative cloud-based premier project management software program designed specifically for Custom Integrators at CEDIA 2015. Backed by over 20 years of experience in the Custom Electronics Industry, ProjX360 was created by Doug Greenwald who is also co-owner of Creative Sound & Integration, a high-end integration company in Scottsdale, AZ.  "I am honored to announce the launch of ProjX360 specifically for the Custom Integrators Industry. This fully integrated package gives project managers and key stakeholders the ability to seamlessly control costs, manage budgets, improve productivity and communicate between projects to ensure that projects are delivered on time and within budget," said Doug Greenwald .  The software is unique in the sense that it can be custom tailored to suite your business. The dashboard features include shortcuts to view current jobs, long-term jobs, time tracking, scheduling, job costing, service invoicing, maps and much more. Additional files with details of the project can easily be attached so that you have all project details contained within each individual project. The software is also cloud and application-based allowing users to access project information, anywhere, anytime and from any device.  During CEDIA 2015, ProjX360 will run a special promotion for early adopters. The company will be waiving the initial setup fee of $499 and early adopters will have free access to all future enhancements. There is a user fee of $19 per user per month and the software requires a three-user minimum. Early adopters will also receive four licenses for the price of 3 for the first year which reflects a $727 combined cost savings.  Join us at CEDIA 2015 and test drive ProjX360 for yourself!  For more information about ProjX360 please visit www.projx360.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/projx360-management-software-debuts-at-cedia-2015-300149583.html  SOURCE PTS Multimedia
Banco Bradesco SA and state-owned Banco do Brasil SA were among 13 financial-services firms in Brazil that had their global scale ratings lowered by Standard & Poor’s after the nation’s credit grade was cut to junk. The two banks were reduced to speculative grade with a negative outlook, S&P said Thursday in a report. Itau Unibanco SA and Banco BTG Pactual also were among lenders that faced downgrades. S&P reduced the country’s debt rating to BB+ Wednesday and said there’s a greater than one-in-three chance of another downgrade. The ratings company said political challenges are hindering the government’s ability to submit a 2016 budget consistent with fiscal-reform plans to Congress. “We rarely rate financial-services companies above the sovereign long-term rating because, during sovereign stress, the sovereign’s regulatory and supervisory powers may restrict a bank’s or financial system’s flexibility, and because banks are affected by many of the same economic factors that cause sovereign stress,” S&P said in the statement. President Dilma Rousseff, already grappling with what’s predicted to be Brazil’s longest recession since the 1930s, has failed to raise taxes and cut costs to achieve fiscal targets. Banco Bradesco, Itau Unibanco and Banco do Brasil all had their global-scale rating reduced one level to BB+. Banco BTG Pactual was cut one step to BB.
Photo: Nathaniel Y. Downes, The Chronicle Alexandra Revelli, an employee with Expensify, packs for her fourth trip with the company. Alexandra Revelli, an employee with Expensify, packs for her fourth... In a cafe somewhere in Cambodia, dozens of Americans will file in this week, crack open their MacBooks and get to work while locals try to figure out what’s going on. Alexandra Revelli, an employee with Expensify, packs for her fourth trip with the company. Alexandra Revelli, an employee with Expensify, packs for her fourth... In a cafe somewhere in Cambodia, dozens of Americans will file in this week, crack open their MacBooks and get to work while locals try to figure out what’s going on.
Buyers of luxury condominium units have a new place to park their cash: in their parking spots. In cities like San Francisco, New York and Boston, parking prices have reached an all-time high. At least two new developments in Manhattan are asking $1 million for a single parking spot. Condominium developers are touting parking spaces with glossy brochures and promotional videos, marketing the small patches of concrete as luxury amenities. Price tags are rising as parking options become scarce in major cities. Until recently, the rule of thumb for San Francisco developers in prime, central areas was to build one parking space for every unit, the maximum allowed by the city planning department in some locations, says Alan Mark, the president and CEO of the Mark Co., which handles sales and marketing for condo and apartment buildings. Now, the maximum allowed in many central locations is an average of half a parking space for each unit, after a change in local rules. Prices now run as high as $125,000 for a single parking space in a prime San Francisco neighborhood, compared with $40,000 to $70,000 per spot several years ago, says Mark. For about four times the cost of an average single-family home in the U.S., buyers can purchase a parking space in New York’s Soho. At 42 Crosby Street, a 10-unit luxury building under construction in Soho, 10 underground parking spaces are asking $1 million—more on a price-per-square foot basis than the units upstairs. The building’s developers declined to comment. At 15 Renwick, also in Soho, there are three parking spots priced at $1 million each. Tim Crowley, director of new development at Core, which handles marketing for 15 Renwick, says parking is priced at a premium because developers hope the spots will be sold with the building’s two penthouses, priced between $7 million and $11 million. Jonathan Miller, president of appraisal firm Miller Samuel, says the highest actual sales price he’s seen for a single parking space in Manhattan is $325,000. Million-dollar parking spaces, he says, aren’t anything close to market rate, but rather are priced proportionally to the high price tags of units in the building. A single parking spot typically requires about 300 square feet of space, including aisles and driveways—roughly the size of a small studio apartment, says Jeffrey Tumlin, the director of strategy at Nelson\Nygaard, a transportation consultant. The median construction cost for a parking spot in the U.S. is about $20,000. In more car-dependent cities like Miami, vehicle parking is typically included in the cost of a condo or offered for a small additional charge. But while a parking space has traditionally been considered a basic feature, Miami agents and developers say they are increasingly marketing parking as a luxury perk. Trulia An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com.
Country star Willie Nelson has rescheduled two shows and canceled another due to an unspecified health issue. Nelson and Merle Haggard were scheduled to perform Thursday and Friday, but South Carolina and Virginia dates were rescheduled and a show in Reading, Pennsylvania, on Saturday was canceled. A statement on his Facebook page said the 82-year-old Nelson was feeling under the weather. His publicist said the tour is scheduled to resume on Sunday, Oct. 18, at the American Roots Music Festival in Raleigh, North Carolina. The two country icons are touring together after releasing a duets album earlier this year called "Django and Jimmie." ___ Online: http://willienelson.com/
This Perth software company aims to make transitioning to better software and IT solutions an easy process so that businesses can focus on their day-to-day needs. They also ensure that their clients are getting the most bang for their buck, allowing them to update and expand in the future if necessary. Perth, Australia (PRWEB) September 28, 2015 DBSIT is a software development country based in Perth, Western Australia. It has been offering both IT and software development solutions to businesses both in Australia and around the world since 2007, and has announced that it will be offering new services to the finance sector in Australia. Australia's finance sector is sophisticated, and its strong economy and excellent positioning has made it a financial hub in the fastest growing region in the world. However, the sector also faces many new challenges, some of them due to the influence of global markets on the country. A new discussion paper by the Climate Institute has pointed out that the finance sector in Australia is unprepared for the potential impacts of climate change. ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jul/12/australias-finance-sector-heavily-exposed-to-climate-risk-report-says ) It also warns of threats to the insurance, superannuation, and banking sectors, and says that although several submissions which made to the financial sector inquiry in 2014 referred to the risk from climate change, the final report failed to mention the issue. With the coal industry struggling as China aims to cut down their coal use, and slaps stricter quality tests on imports, and coal prices down by close to $US60 per tonne, the markets are indeed showing signs of slowing down. DBSIT have long been committed to the Finance Sector in Australia, and as the markets naturally rise and fall, many in the sector will take advantage of the lull and use the time wisely. This means updating software, developing IT solutions, and consulting with experts. The finance sector is highly advanced in Australia and needs IT solutions which allow those in the industry to have as much information at their fingertips as possible, without being overloaded by data and hard-to-use systems. DBSIT offer these services and are experienced in providing solutions and solving problems for both small and large businesses. This software development company is one which rewards innovation, and consistently offers the best in cutting-edge solutions so that their clients have the best technology at their fingertips. They also focus on ensuring that employees are using software which is dependable, and makes their lives easier every day. This Perth software company aims to make transitioning to better software and IT solutions an easy process so that businesses can focus on their day-to-day needs. They also ensure that their clients are getting the most bang for their buck, allowing them to update and expand in the future if necessary. Because each business has different requirements, DBSIT aim to always use the most innovative approaches to tackle each problem. This ability to think both strategically and creatively has led to them being one of the best software development companies in Australia. If you’re looking for custom software development in Perth , be sure to get in touch with DBSIT, who will revolutionise the way you and your team do business.  //www.prweb.com/releases/2015/09/prweb12958302.htm
> Entertainment H.R. Pufnstuf, child of the '60s, visits Nickelodeon show This photo provided by Nickelodeon shows Calvin Millan, left, as Calvin, Stuff, and clockwise at top right, Zippy, Grandma, Giggles and Wiggles in season one of "Mutt & Stuff," on Nickelodeon. H.R. Pufnstuf, the title character of the 1969-71 children’s series will appear on an episode of Nickelodeon’s new preschool series “Mutt & Stuff,” the cable channel said Tuesday, Oct. 13, 2015.(Robert Voets/Nickelodeon via AP)
Marriage of Regulators: FMC to merge with Sebi tomorrow Updated: Sunday, September 27, 2015, 14:40 [IST] Facebook Twitter Google+ Comments Mail  Mumbai, Sept 27: In the first ever merger of two regulators, over 60-year-old FMC (Forward Markets Commission) will merge tomorrow with the younger but much bigger capital markets watchdog Sebi to create a unified regulatory body.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) was set up in 1988 as a non-statutory body for regulating the securities markets, while it became an autonomous body in 1992 with fully independent powers. SEBI  FMC, on the other hand, has been regulating commodities markets since 1953, but lack of powers has led to wild fluctuations and alleged irregularities remaining untamed in this market segment.  The commodities market has been known to be more prone to speculative activities compared to the better-regulated stock market, while illegal activities like 'dabba trading' have also been more frequent in this segment.  Besides, the high-profile NSEL scam has rocked this market in the recent past and the subsequent regulatory and government interventions in this case eventually led to the government announcing FMC's merger with Sebi.  Taking forward the announcement made by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his budget speech earlier this year, FMC would be merged with Sebi with effect from tomorrow.  The merger would be consummated here tomorrow at a function attended by Jaitley himself, along with Sebi Chairman U K Sinha and other top officials from the government and the regulatory bodies.  This is the first major case of two regulators being merged, as against the relatively more frequent practice wordlwide of creating new regulatory authorities, including by carving out new bodies from the existing entities.  Ready to regulate commodity trading, Sinha has cautioned small investors against coming for quick gains through speculation in this market, saying this is "risky" and requires a lot of technical expertise.  "People will come and tell you that with a small margin, you can make a lot of money. Do not fall into the trap," the Sebi Chairman had said, even as he asserted that the capital markets watchdog was fully prepared to begin regulating commodities trading and all necessary safeguards would be put in place to keep the scamsters and manipulators at bay.  Sinha said his message to the small investors would be to keep away from the commodities market as it was meant for the experts and for those seeking to hedge their risks.  "If you put your hard-earned money into this market, it may not be ultimately good for you. The commodities market is for those who are experts in this space. For non-experts, it is a risky area," the Sebi chief had told PTI in an interview.  FMC's merger with Sebi is aimed at streamlining the regulations and curb wild speculations in commodities market, while facilitating further growth of the market.  At present, there are three national and six regional bourses for commodity futures in the country.  Together, all the exchanges clocked a turnover of nearly Rs 60 lakh crore in 2014-15, from over Rs 101 lakh crore in the previous fiscal.  Asked about the preparedness for regulating the commodities market and his assurance to investors, Sinha said Sebi has got more than 15 years of experience of managing and regulating the derivatives trading.  PTI
Josh Thomas finally snares his man in season 3 of Please Like Me . Photo: Supplied  FREE TO AIR Please Like Me, ABC, 9.30pm  When Josh Thomas’ show debuted in 2013, there was a minor ruckus that it was bumped from the main channel to ABC2; conspiracy theorists thought it proved Aunty was a bit scared of all that gay business. Now here we are, coming back for season three with the most out-and-proud episode yet, and it’s on the main channel. So, what’s changed? Well, we’ve had the Girls effect. We’ve got the inexorable pride march to same-sex marriage rights. We’ve had the show’s increasing US success. All of which makes Please Like Me seem close to a mainstream proposition now. Mind you, this season opener is rather raunchy, as Josh (Thomas) finally snares his man, Arnold (Keegan Joyce). There’s wooing over baby chickens, a drunken “I love you”, and a tender love scene in which Arnold proves to have the romantic inclinations of a 16-year-old girl (a source of both mirth and joy to Josh). It’s touching, real, and occasionally very funny. The squeamish can rest assured that next week we’re back in safer territory: self-harm, depression, infidelity. Phew.   Family Guy,  7Mate, 9.30pm   Advertisement Cleveland has been scratching around since his return from out of town (aka his own, now-cancelled, sitcom), and listening to him dispense advice and make empathetic grunting noises in the Drunken Clam, Peter thinks he’s found the answer: Cleveland should become a therapist. And hey, why not sort out Lois first, so she stops wanting Peter to do weird stuff like talk and help around the house. Things, of course, go pear-shaped when Cleveland works out the problem in the Griffin house is Peter.   Inside Amy Schumer,  ABC2, 10.15pm   In which our heroine invokes God’s help when she fears she’s contracted herpes, and He (Paul Giamatti, in white pants and pullover) appears in her living room to tell her yes, she does have it, and he can only undo it by creating balance in the universe. “I’d have to kill off an entire village in Uzbekistan,” he says. “Yeah,” she responds. “Whatever you think is best, do it.” That’s the genius of Amy Schumer: she wields a massive and very pointy skewer but she’s not afraid to turn it on herself. Not everything works, but when it does it is hysterically funny, uncomfortable, and absolutely spot-on.  Karl Quinn      PAY TV The Leftovers, Showcase, 8.30pm   Lost co-creator Damon Lindelof isn’t making it terribly easy for casual viewers to keep track. As season two began last week – four years after 2per cent of the world’s population vanished into thin air – small-town police chief Kevin (Justin Theroux) and his newly reconstituted family arrived in the creepy Texas town from which nobody disappeared. But just as we were starting  to get intrigued by the menacing vigilante firefighter (Kevin Carroll) who seems to rule the place with an iron gumboot, Lindelof yanks on the whipsaw and we’re pulled back in time and back to upstate New York. There we see how Kevin and new missus Nora (Carrie Coon) came to adopt their new baby, how Kevin dealt with the suicide of Guilty Remnant leader Patti (Ann Dowd), and how Patti continues to haunt him now. Back in Texas there’s little doubt that bad things are going to happen, and the atmosphere is all the more intriguing for being so ominous.  Brad Newsome       MOVIES First Knight, (1995) Eleven, 9pm  The story of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table has fascinated humans since the legend’s origins in the 9th century. Devout Arthurians tend to be mostenthralled by the writings ofChretien de Troyes, others by T.H. White’s fantasy novel, The Once and Future King, and its spinoff, the Lerner and Loewe musical Camelot. The film version of Camelot,  which controversially opted for Richard Harris and Vanessa Redgrave over Broadway’s original stars, Richard Burton and Julie Andrews, was what started me on an Arthurian obsession. It has led me to read all I can find, and even trudge across the English countryside to visit Arthur’s ‘‘birthplace’’ at Tintagel andseek possible locations for Camelot itself. However, what is clearly more important to many people than anyhistorical or archaeological basis, more than the nobility of theknights and their quest for theHoly Grail, is the adulterous affair of Arthur’s wife, Guinevere, and Arthur’s noblest knight, Lancelot. It is this marital betrayal, one that potentially undermines allthat Camelot stands for, that thrills people, with a desire for Lancelot and Guinevere to run offand live happily ever after. In Camelot the film, we believe absolutely in Guinevere’s passion for Lancelot, played by Franco Nero, and it was no surprise that Redgrave actually left her husband (Tony Richardson) for Nero during the filming. Their affair was so scandalous  the new couple were even denounced by the Pope. Director Joshua Logan, despite thecondemnation, endured for replacing Burton and Andrews, andgot it 100 per cent right. One just can’t see Burton and Andrews dashing off to live in the Tuscan countryside together. In First Knight, the casting also looked good: Richard Gere as Lancelot and Julia Ormond as Guinevere, but between intention and completion many films fail, and First Knight does. At the time, Ormond was a major star (Legends of the Fall, Sabrina), and she is undoubtedly aconsummate actress, but she andGere never spark in a film  in which foreign accents (American and Scottish) get in the way of believability. Worse is the film’s Franklin Mint kitschy prettiness. One could easily imagine the fake Camelot being turned into a china clock with party lights all around. Riding Giants (2004) SBS Two, 9.30pm  This surfing movie isn’t from Australia and isn’t just handsome youth on the beach and blokes riding waves, but a history of the surfing culture over the decades. Scott Murray
Posted on September 27, 2015 by Editor - Technology News  The new Ghostbusters has wrapped up shooting. We’ll be calling it the new Ghostbusters, even though we used to call it things like the “all-girls Ghostbusters.” It turns out that director Paul Feig, who wrote and directed hits like Bridesmaids and The Heat , doesn’t like it when people get all butthurt (an official dictionary word now !) about the Ghostbusters being ladies.  Part of this was revealed in the Sony email hack of late last year, but when Sony approached Paul Feig about making another Ghostbusters movie, that movie was still a tweaked version of Ghostbusters 3 . Instead, Feig wanted to do his own take on the material, professing his love for the original series and not wanting to tread onto shark-jumping territory. Feig was given the go-ahead and penned a script with writing partner Katie Dippold (also from The Heat ) that re-imagined the Ghostbusters as a team of four women in the modern era. As far as we know, the Ghostbusters of the late 80s and early 90s don’t exist in this story world.  Feig cast Melissa McCarthy, Kristen Wiig, Leslie Jones, and Kate McKinnon as the new Ghostbusters and proceeded to design new proton packs, a new Ecto-1, and a new Ghostbusters headquarters that isn’t housed in a fire station. The movie went into production this summer in Massachusetts and New York (though will reportedly take place in New York City, not Boston) and pretty soon after all the news came down some guys on the internet got really offended that the Ghostbusters were girls. For reasons that are nebulous to anyone that recognizes a remake or a sequel doesn’t immediately erase the original version from, fans of the original cast of Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis, and Ernie Hudson thought Paul Feig was ruining Ghostbusters.  Ernie Hudson, Winston Zedmore in the two Ghostbusters movies, might have even been one of those fans. “I heard it was going to be a total reboot, and that it would have nothing to do with the other two movies,” he said last year . “If it has nothing to do with the other two movies, and it’s all female, then why are you calling it Ghostbusters?” Although Hudson might just be hurt that he wasn’t invited to reprise his role as Winston. “Maybe it will come out and be the most amazing thing,” he added, “but in my opinion I think it would be wrong to do another movie that didn’t include the guys. And that didn’t include me!”  While production went on, Feig seemed to be ignoring the haters and pushing forward with his movie. The crew did stop at one point to fire off a pro-feminism missive at the haters online with a group picture of all the women involved in the Ghostbusters production, but it wasn’t addressed directly at any specific complaint against the new film. 3 cheers to Ellen from all the remarkable women of #Ghostbusters .When we stand together we are unstoppable! #GirlPower pic.twitter.com/fEq7PpD78G  — Melissa McCarthy (@melissamccarthy) August 25, 2015  Feig continued on through production, occasionally taking to his Twitter account to favorite or retweet positive fan reactions to the new Ghostbusters he was actively filming. Word came down that Bill Murray, the original cast member most opposed to returning to the franchise, had shot a cameo in the film where he wasn’t Peter Vankman. In Boston, on-set flyers cautioned local residents that Dan Aykroyd was in the area and people rightly speculated that he was going to make an appearance in the new movie. Ghostbusters did the end of their shoot in New York City and – lo and behold – Feig himself revealed he had converted a previous hater…  Thanks to the great @Ernie_Hudson for joining us on our last day of production. He is a class act and an incredibly talented and funny man. — Paul Feig (@paulfeig) September 19, 2015  That meant that all three of the living original Ghostbusters will be appearing in the new Ghostbusters . How could you still call yourself a fan of one and not the other? Strangely, people did.  The shoot recently wrapped as 2015 transitioned into the fall and Feig has been enjoying his vacation and winding up on post-production on the film. It’s a wrap on Ghostbusters!!! pic.twitter.com/gzQFRrLUYU  — Paul Feig (@paulfeig) September 19, 2015  Mostly, Feig has been using his Twitter account to keep people updated on the status of Ghostbusters, but now that the shoot is over the director is taking a more pro-active approach to tweet-promotion. First, he got news that some other cameos he had filmed were about to leak.  Gang, everyone should know that any and all cameo announcements are leaks and nothing we wanted made public. Media, please take note. — Paul Feig (@paulfeig) September 23, 2015  Apparently, he couldn’t shut the leak down and decided to add another original Ghostbusters cast member to the list of cameos in his film, the fantastic Sigourney Weaver. Gang, trying to keep surprises but this is about to leak, so I’ll tell you myself: the awesome Sigourney Weaver is going to be in our movie!  — Paul Feig (@paulfeig) September 25, 2015  Weaver played Dana Barrett in the original films, and different versions of the now-dead Ghostbusters 3 had her son Oscar grow up to take his place in the Ghostbuters franchise. Like Bill Murray and the others, however, it’s expected Weaver will pop up in a new role. That’s not the best thing that’s been happening with Ghostbusters on Paul Feig’s Twitter account, however. It seems the director took to drinking a bit and saw a tweet that criticized new Ghostbuster and frequent collaborator Melissa McCarthy. Then Feig let loose.  — Paul Feig (@paulfeig) September 23, 2015  When Twitter seemed to love the director of Ghostbusters slapping down sexism, the director continued, highlighting a particularly horrible internet troll. And since I’m on a roll, you, sir, are the biggest ass of them all. Seriously. You shit on all your former heroes. https://t.co/8BMi9YxZ5n  — Paul Feig (@paulfeig) September 23, 2015 You’ve been ranting at me and my cast for months with misogyny and insults. So go fuck yourself. Goodnight. #enough https://t.co/r3XNfWP68c  — Paul Feig (@paulfeig) September 23, 2015  Then you should embrace a new generation getting their own version. GB is a positive force. Your negativity isn’t. https://t.co/MOKZpLLIBo  — Paul Feig (@paulfeig) September 24, 2015  Looks like any exciting developments in the future of next year’s Ghostbusters movie won’t be coming from Sony, but from Paul Feig’s Twitter account.  Ghostbusters hits theaters July 15th 2016.
Source: Ghana | Hitz FM | Euphemia Akpalu Date: 12-10-2015 Time: 02:10:52:pm Ofori Amponsah  Highlife-musician-turned-pastor, Ofori Amponsah, says he will perform at nightclubs and even at alcoholic company-sponsored events if contracted to.  “People don't actually know why I will do it, but I will do it and it's a secret I don't want to reveal,” he told a fan.  He added that, “I cannot judge because there are no laws that forbid the sale of alcohol, I will perform but [I'll] not be a brand ambassador for alcoholic beverages.”  He said this while promoting his new single 'Alewa' which features Sarkodie. He officially announced his return to highlife music in an interview on Hitz FM's Showbiz Fylla with Amanda Jissih.  Ofori Amponsah went into hibernation in 2008 - after releasing his last major highlife song - to concentrate on God’s work and to record gospel music.  The musician, who recently announced his return to doing highlife music even though he is the Head Pastor of Family of Faith and Love Ministries Church, says he sees nothing wrong with doing what one loves and still worshipping God.  “You can worship God and be yourself, do whatever you are doing, He looks at the heart of people,” he said.  Asked if he was called by God to be a pastor or it was a personal decision, Ofori Amponsah said, he was a Christian before he started music so he had to appreciate his Maker.  He said, “Sometimes I will lie in a room and pray for 10 hours telling God to help me come out and fortunately, I came out as Ofori Amponsah so it was like giving back to God for what He has done for me.”  Ofori Amponsah, however, noted that the life one lives should not matter as much as what one is passionate about.  The ‘Emmanuella’ singer said, “I stand for love and when I read the Bible, the Bible talks also about love, love is the pillar of the word of God so there is this connection between what I say and the bible that I believe in.”  On how his congregation thought about his decision to be a pastor and still do highlife, he said, “everybody has the right to come to Christ. He is the final judge so I don't want to discourage anybody but if you really love to come and worship, fine we can worship together Sunday.”
(Adds details on Larsson's experience, analyst Quote: , Gap shares) By Siddharth Cavale and Kylie Gumpert NEW YORK, Sept 29 (Reuters) - American designer Ralph Lauren, who built a fashion powerhouse on luxury designs inspired by country club chic, announced Tuesday he is stepping down as chief executive officer and named the head of Gap Inc's populist Old Navy brand to the position. Ralph Lauren Corp, founded by 75-year-old Lauren in 1967, appointed Stefan Larsson, the global president of Gap's Old Navy division, as CEO effective in November. Lauren will continue to serve as executive chairman and head its design team, the company said in a statement. Lauren, who got his start designing neckties, plans to stay active at the company and Larsson will report to him. "When they start designing things I can't understand, I'll quit," Lauren told the New York Times in an interview. Ralph Lauren shares rose 3.79 percent to $108 in trading after the bell. Gap shares fell 3 percent to $29.30. The company has been struggling to boost profits as a stronger dollar reduces the value of sales from overseas. Net revenue in its first quarter ended June 27 fell 5 percent, mainly due to currency fluctuations. Odeon Capital analyst Rick Snyder said the company had grown to a size where it needed more "systems and controls." The change in CEO "is just a natural progression," Snyder said. Milton Pedraza, a fashion industry analyst at the Luxury Institute, said Larsson's appointment follows a trend of luxury brands hiring leaders from mass-market companies in recent months. He cited the appointment of Grita Loebsack, a former vice president at Unilever Plc, as CEO of Kering's emerging brands, which include Stella McCartney and Gucci. Larsson, 41, is credited with reviving sales at Old Navy, successfully implementing a model of offering trendy clothes at low prices. Annual sales at the division rose 8 percent in 2014 and became Gap's biggest business. Sales for the division were $6.62 billion, or 40.3 percent of Gap's total. Lauren's fashion empire includes some 25 brands including Polo, Club Monaco and Denim & Supply, and the company makes clothing, accessories, furniture, home decor items and footwear under its labels. Larsson, a Swede who before joining Gap was global head of sales at Hennes & Mauritz, brings experience of managing a fast fashion business with a supply chains considered to be among the most efficient within the apparel industry. His appointment would be a good fit for Ralph Lauren which is seeking to reorganize and centralize business units and brands, Snyder said. "If he comes from a place like H&M, he understands global supply chains and that's one of the things that Ralph Lauren is trying to implement right now," Snyder said. "It's going to be very positive for them." FROM WILD WEST TO HIP HOP Despite the aura of Anglo-Saxon elitism around his company, Lauren was born Ralph Lifshitz in the Bronx in 1939. His parents were Jewish immigrants from Belarus, and he changed his name to Lauren at age 16. Lauren's designs drew inspiration from elite and exotic realms including East Coast prepsters, the Wild West, colonists on African safari and czarist Russia. He designed the wardrobe for the 1974 film version of "The Great Gatsby" including a pink suit for star Robert Redford. The Ralph Lauren Polo shirt, which debuted in 1972, became a signature item for the company with a tiny polo player embroidered on the chest. His designs have been worn by presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton, actress Gwyneth Paltrow and actor Johnny Depp. Lauren was also, perhaps surprisingly, influential in the hip hop world. His bright colors and bold clothing became staples for some New York gangs, and rappers such as Kanye West and Lil Wayne have mentioned Lauren and his designs in their rhymes. The company also said that Jackwyn Nemerov, chief operating officer, would retire in November at which time she will become an adviser to the company. (Reporting by Sneha Banerjee and Ramkumar Iyer in Bengaluru and Siddharth Cavale and Kylie Gumpert in New York; Additional reporting by Sharon Bernstein in Sacramento; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Lisa Shumaker )
Updated: 6:26 a.m. Thursday, Oct. 15, 2015 | Posted: 6:26 a.m. Thursday, Oct. 15, 2015 Head of Hollywood academy: Diversity debate at top of agenda   LONDON —  The president of Hollywood's movie academy says criticism about the lack of diversity among Oscar nominees has helped spark a vital global discussion about how to make the entertainment industry more inclusive.  Cheryl Boone Isaacs says "the whole discussion about diversity is a great discussion, because now it's at the top of everybody's mind, not just the academy's. It is now a global discussion, and that's really important."  Boone Isaacs spoke at a reception at the U.S. ambassador's London residence for new European members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Wednesday's event was part of a push to boost the international profile of the organization.  An all-white roster of acting nominees at the 2015 Academy Awards increased scrutiny about the lack of diversity in the organization. Copyright
All’s fair in love and debt restructuring. In the saga of Puerto Rico, dozens of hedge funds were shaping up as a formidable alliance until it looked as if some stood to gain more than others. Then they became enemies , at least in regard to their competing stake in the island’s $72 billion of debt. This group’s breakup is a small victory for Puerto Rico, which is quickly running out of cash and needs to pay its workers and retirees while also facing hundreds of millions of dollars of interest payments. Its coffers may be empty as soon as November. Here’s why the group fizzled: the effort, which once included more than three dozen firms, had lost its purpose as it became increasingly clear that the island had no intention of negotiating with them. Their main argument was that Puerto Rico could manage all its obligations if it just cut spending and raised taxes. To show their faith, the funds agreed to lend even more money to the cash-strapped island in return for certain concessions. It was an attempt to gain power in a negotiation in which, ultimately, they’re somewhat powerless. Cracks in the group began deepening in June after Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla said that the island’s debts were “not payable.” Some funds began splitting off, preparing for the all-but-inevitable restructuring. Then, a Puerto Rico agency defaulted for the first time in August and paved the way for a battle that would inevitably leave the island paying some some bondholders at the expense of others . Puerto Rico said last Thursday that its restructuring would take into account the constitutional priority given to the $13 billion of its outstanding general-obligation debt. That may have been the last straw. A day later, Laura Keller of Bloomberg News reported that the group had finally disbanded in favor of smaller groups. That’s good news for Puerto Rico, which will face a less-unified group of bondholders to fight its restructuring proposals. For its part, the island can use all the help it can get. It is firing teachers and paying less to pensioners. Its population has dropped by 7 percent in the past decade, and it expects another 245,000 to leave by 2025. It can’t keep incurring more debt forever as its economy shrinks. More important, because of its status as a commonwealth, Puerto Rico has no ability to restructure its debt in bankruptcy, and Washington has indicated no willingness to change that anytime soon. That leaves it in free-for-all negotiations with its creditors and no clear template for exiting its fiscal mess. Make no mistake, Puerto Rico faces herculean challenges. But this divide-and-conquer outcome, whether by choice or circumstance, gives it some bargaining room.
HARARE, Zimbabwe -- Rangers in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park have discovered the carcasses of 26 elephants at two locations, dead of cyanide poisoning along with 14 other elephants who were found last week , officials said Wednesday. Patrolling rangers discovered the carcasses Tuesday, according to Bhejani Trust and the National Parks and Wildlife Management Authority. Bhejani Trust undertakes joint animal monitoring and welfare work with the parks agency Parks spokeswoman Caroline Washaya Moyo said 14 tusks were recovered from these elephants and others were not recovered. She said rangers found 16 of the elephants in an area known as Lupande and 10 others in Chakabvi. Play Video Sunday Morning Stepping up the fight against elephant poachers The elephant holds a special place in our hearts as they are not only intelligent but share many of the same emotional attributes as humans. CBS ... Washaya-Moyo said no arrests have been made and investigations are in progress. Rangers recovered one kilo (2.2 pounds) of cyanide and are increasing patrols in the park, she said. Cyanide is widely used in Zimbabwe's mining industry and is easy to obtain. "The poachers were probably disturbed by rangers on patrol, which is why some of the tusks were recovered. Cyanide poisoning is becoming a huge problem here and we are struggling to contain it," Trevor Lane, founder of Bhejani Trust and a leading wildlife conservationist told The Associated Press. Last week, the parks agency reported that 14 elephants were poisoned by cyanide in three separate incidents. In 2013, as many as 300 elephants died in Hwange park after poachers laced salt pans with cyanide. On Monday, Environment, Water and Climate Minister Oppah Muchinguri blamed a ban on Zimbabwean elephant sport hunting by the United States for increased poaching. Play Video CBS This Morning Inside Zimbabwe's business of big-game hunting Zimbabwe announced this week it would not charge a Minnesota dentist who hunted a popular lion. But the killing of Cecil the lion has brought wor... "All this poaching is because of American policies, they are banning sport hunting. An elephant would cost $120,000 in sport hunting but a tourist pays only $10 to view the same elephant," she said, adding money from sport hunting is crucial in conservation efforts. CBS News correspondent Debora Patta reports that 30 percent of fees for private hunts are supposed to be paid to the National Parks to help conservation. "But in most cases, you find that the bureaucratic nature of organizations, most of that money may be consumed to a large extent through administration costs and does not necessarily filter directly to conservation," said Emmanuel Fundira, who oversees the industry in Zimbabwe.
Updated: 2:24 a.m. Wednesday, Oct. 14, 2015 | Posted: 2:24 a.m. Wednesday, Oct. 14, 2015 For many, Playboy was a glamorous rite of passage Related View Larger This image released by Playboy shows Janet Pilgrim on the cover of the July 1955 issue of the gentleman's magazine. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. (Playboy via AP) View Larger This image released by Playboy shows Playmate of the Year Donna Michelle on the cover of the May 1965 issue of the gentleman's magazine. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. (Playboy via AP) View Larger This image released by Playboy shows the cover of the June 1965 issue of the gentleman's magazine featuring a redhead in head-wrap, staring intently above her sunglasses. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. (Playboy via AP) View Larger This image released by Playboy shows Barbi Benton on the cover of the July 1969 issue of the gentleman's magazine. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. (Playboy via AP) View Larger This cover image released by Playboy shows the October 2015 college issue of the gentleman's magazine. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and ’60s by bringing nudity into America’s living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. (Playboy via AP) Sponsored Links   LOS ANGELES —  Six decades can change things. Playboy — once considered racy, even obscene — has become a benign and perhaps even stuffy icon of an era when sex was ... well, sexy.  With explicit Internet sex available in a nearly infinite variety, Playboy decided skin — no matter how gorgeously photographed — was no longer paying the bills. More than a year ago, it banned full nudity on its website, and on Tuesday announced it would do the same for its U.S. print edition.  Still, generations of men fondly remember Playboy as a rite of passage.
Sequencing DNA in the palm of your hand September 30, 2015 The light, portable, diminutive biomolecule sequencer fits in the palm of your hand. Credit: nanoporetech.com  Much like the miniature, goggle-wearing yellow organisms of the big screen that live to serve, a tiny new device called the MinION, developed by Oxford Nanopore Technologies, promises to help scientists sequence DNA in space. NASA's Biomolecule Sequencer investigation is a technology demonstration of the device.  The investigation's objectives include providing proof-of-concept for the device's functionality and evaluation of crew operability of a DNA sequencer in the International Space Station's microgravity environment. While the petite device is already being used to sequence DNA on Earth, it has never been used to do so in space.  Determining the sequence of DNA is a powerful way to characterize organisms and determine how they are responding to changes in the environment. The goal of this technology demonstration is to provide evidence that DNA sequencing in space is possible, which holds the potential to enable the identification of microorganisms, monitor changes in microbes and humans in response to spaceflight, and possibly aid in the detection of DNA-based life elsewhere in the universe.  "The ultimate goal is to be able to do on the space station or on Mars the things we are able to do normally on Earth when we sequence DNA," said investigator Douglas Botkin, Ph.D. "We want to replicate the laboratory environment, the high-tech equipment and those processes we use terrestrially, and try to demonstrate that functionality in a microgravity environment."  This has never been done in space before and, if successful, this little device could be a big deal.  "Currently aboard the space station there is not a real-time method for identifying microbes, diagnosing infectious disease, and collecting any form of genomic and genetic data concerning crew health," said NASA Microbiologist and Project Manager Sarah Castro, Ph.D. "Meeting these needs relies on returning samples from space to Earth and subsequent ground-based analysis, which takes time. Real-time analysis could inform scientific investigations, measure the impact of spaceflight on the human body , inform medical interventions and define the effectiveness of countermeasures. The MinION DNA sequencer sits atop a state-of-the-art next-generation sequencer. The MinION is significantly smaller than typical laboratory sequencers that are less conducive to spaceflight. Credit: Sarah Castro  "You can look at DNA for permanent changes, what spaceflight is doing to your DNA long-term, but also by looking at the RNA, you can see how the human body or other organisms are reacting in real time," said Principal Investigator Aaron Burton, Ph.D.  During the investigation, crew members will sequence the DNA of bacteria, bacteriophage (a virus that infects and replicates within a bacterium) and rodents from samples prepared on Earth that have known genomic characteristics. Researchers on Earth also will run synchronous ground controls to evaluate how well the hardware is working.  "We absolutely believe that the sequencer will perform successfully in the microgravity environment of space," said Deputy Project Manager and Project Engineer Kristen John, Ph.D.  The tiny, plug and play sequencer - about the size of a large candy bar - is diminutive compared to the large microwave-sized sequencers used on Earth.  "Most sequencers in Earth-based labs involve optics, fluorescence, lasers and other vibration sensitive components that are not suited for spaceflight or microgravity," said Castro. "There is huge power consumption at play with those as well."  Conversely, the compact biomolecule sequencer has minimal moving parts and plugs directly into a laptop or tablet, which supplies power to the device and collects the sequencing data. In nanopore sensing, just as water flows through a drain, an ionic current flows through a nanopore. When molecules pass through the hole the current is disrupted in characteristic ways, similar to the way the water flow would change if you placed objects in the drain. Credit: nanoporetech.com  The data is collected as the device passes an ionic current through a perforated surface containing nanopores (natural cell membrane ion pores) and measures the changes in the current as biological molecules from samples pass through the pores. The change in current can be used to identify a DNA sequence or other molecules.  Unlike terrestrial instruments whose sequencing run times can take days, this device's data is available in near real time; analysis can begin within 10-15 minutes from the application of the sample.  If successful, this investigation will allow the implementation of the sequencer into operational microbial monitoring, a vast array of medical operations, a research facility on the ISS and integration into astrobiology-based exploration missions.  "The space station and Earth are end members of the gravity continuum, so if the device works on Earth and in microgravity, then it should work in any environment in between like an asteroid or Mars," said Burton.  This DNA sequencer is also being tested for diagnostics on Earth. The development of robust procedures for the operation of this device in low-resource environments has direct relevance to field deployment on Earth, such as for medical operations in the regions where immediate access to a full laboratory is not available. Data collected from this investigation may be useful toward additional development of the device. Additionally, maintaining the sequencer as a research facility on the space station holds the potential to support an immeasurable number of scientific investigations, any of which could have Earth-based applications.
Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence showed off her strong bond with Aziz Ansari as she gave the funnyman a piggyback ride to his car. »
(The author is a Reuters columnist. The opinions expressed are her own.) By Liz Weston LOS ANGELES, Sept. 28 (Reuters) - Parents who borrowed to put their kids through college now have several options to refinance their federal PLUS loans, including, in some cases, the ability to transfer their debt to those children. The situation is a sharp turnaround from the period after the financial crisis, when private lenders fled the student loan market and few borrowers were able to refinance their debt to take advantage of lower rates. Lending began to thaw in 2012 when a few start-ups, credit unions and banks began offering refinancing to student borrowers, said Andy Josuweit, chief executive officer of education loan information site Student Loan Hero. Some of those lenders - including SoFi, CommonBond, Earnest, Citizens Bank and Darien Rowayton Bank - added PLUS refinancing in the past year. PLUS are low-cost federal loans offered to graduate students or parents of dependent undergrads to pay for post-high school education. That change seems to have largely flown under the radar of the 3 million parents who have borrowed an estimated $62 billion from the federal PLUS loan program, he said. "I don't think a lot of parents know about it," Josuweit said. "But the odds of getting a refinancing are better if you're a parent than if you're a student." That is because private lenders are looking for the long career histories, solid credit and proven earning power that parents are more likely to have than their children, said Dan Macklin, co-founder of SoFi, a market-leading San Francisco-based lender that has refinanced $4 billion in education loans since its 2011 launch. Joe and Christiane Cruz of Washington, D.C. recently used SoFi to refinance four parent PLUS loans that were taken to fund their youngest daughter's education. SoFi lowered their fixed rate by about 2 percentage points to 5.25 percent, which saves them about $130 a month in interest. SoFi offers variable rates as low as 1.9 percent and fixed rates starting at 3.5 percent, but most borrowers ultimately get variable rates "in the mid-threes" and fixed rates "in the high 4s or low 5s," Macklin said. By contrast, PLUS loans issued this academic year (2015-16) carry fixed rates of 6.84 percent. Rates were 7.9 percent as recently as the 2012-13 academic year. Like a few other lenders, including CommonBond and DRB, SoFi offers the option to transfer the balance of a parent PLUS loan via a refinance to a credit-worthy child, which removes the parent from responsibility for the debt. The Cruzes did not take that option, although they hope their daughter might take over the debt some day when her career has advanced. The Cruzes are aware that refinancing federal PLUS loans into private debt means they gave up certain consumer protections, such as income-contingent repayment plans if their income should drop, and up to three years of deferment in case of unemployment or other financial setbacks. "We have some cushion and some savings if anything should happen," said Joe Cruz, a client executive with information technology company Gartner Inc. "We would be able to deal with it." Another protection the Cruzes gave up, called the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program, is one they were unlikely to use, since neither spouse works in public service. They expect to have the loan paid off in less than 10 years, long before they would qualify for federal forgiveness for private-sector jobs. Forgiveness options are among the reasons that refinancing federal education loans into private debt is often a bad idea for student borrowers. Federal student loans benefit from more-generous repayment options such as Pay As You Earn, which can lower required payments to zero for the lowest-income borrowers. Also, student borrowers are likely have less savings to tap in case of unemployment and may be more likely to need deferments. Still, private refinancing options, for both parents and students, are likely to grow as more lenders head into this market. Goldman Sachs recently noted that less than 2 percent of the $211 billion in eligible student loans have been refinanced, leaving plenty of room for growth. "There's a lot of competition and a lot of money flowing in," Josuweit said. (Editing by Beth Pinsker and Bernadette Baum )
Comedian Josh Blue opens up about cerebral palsy, 'Last Comic Standing' Comment Follow @@thomasbruch Posted Oct. 14, 2015 at 4:29 PM PEORIA — One of the best stand-up comedians in the business, Josh Blue , will be performing at the Jukebox Comedy Club this weekend. Blue, 36, won Season Four of “Last Comic Standing” in 2006 and has since been a staple on the stand-up comedy circuit. Though he has earned many plaudits and has been featured frequently in stand-up specials, he might be best known for having cerebral palsy — something he pokes fun at in a self-deprecating manner in his performances. Yet he also talks about it to highlight what you can accomplish while living with the disorder. Blue will appear at the Jukebox at 8 p.m. Thursday, and at 8 p.m. and 10:30 p.m. Friday and Saturday. Tickets cost $20 except for the Thursday show and the late Friday show, which are $15. Tickets can be purchased at the comedy club or online at www.jukeboxcomedy.com . The Journal Star talked to Blue recently about his career, “Last Comic Standing” and another one of his successful endeavors. Q: In retrospect, what’s your opinion on “Last Comic Standing” for younger comedians or comedians who haven’t gotten a shot yet? A: I have mixed feelings about it. Obviously it really helped me blow into the scene. But it’s still a dumb reality show. Any chance a comic can get to get on TV is huge, so it’s definitely something comics look at as a serious way of getting out onto the road. The other side of that is that it doesn’t mean success. After I won, I had to work like five times harder. Q: Your cerebral palsy plays a big role in your jokes and show. When did you become comfortable with doing that? A: I still don’t (long pause). No, I’m just kidding. You know, I didn’t really talk about it much when I first started doing comedy. I was more of a storyteller, talking about experiences. Pretty early on I realized when I started getting personal, I found that people could really relate to it. Not just cerebral palsy but any disability. I really believe everyone has some type of disability. I’m just lucky that mine is on the outside. Q: I thought it was cool to see you were a soccer guy who competed on the Paralympic National Team. What was that experience like? A: I got to be on the National Team for eight years in the Paralympics. Before that, I had very limited play. I love the sport, but in junior high I was cut from the team. Which is pretty heartbreaking. In my humble opinion in junior high, no one should be cut. But that didn’t stop me from kicking the ball around and playing when I could. And I’m so happy I did because I went on to be not a great soccer player, but a pretty good one. Lots of caps and a bunch of international play and 15 goals scored in my career. Page 2 of 2 - Thomas Bruch can be reached at 686-3262 or tbruch@pjstar.com. Follow him on Twitter.com/ThomasBruch .
The security of businesses across the US is under threat from ‘Digital Indifference’, which affects a significant proportion of employees, a new report has revealed today. Dashlane’s ‘Digital Indifference in the Workplace’ uncovers a carefree approach to the internal management of company data through careless password practices. This attitude is particularly common amongst the influx of share-centric ‘millennials’ who are now in the workplace. Dashlane’s analysis found that over 60% of employees aged 16-34-year-olds admitted to freely sharing passwords with colleagues, whereas only 54% of employees over 45 had ever done so. Furthermore, the methods of sharing are often insecure, with 1 in 3 employees aged 16-34 admitting they wrote passwords down on Post-it notes and on scraps of paper. Other common methods of sharing passwords were over email, text message and using unprotected shared spreadsheets. Another key finding of the report was that 42%respondents said they could access accounts or services relating to a previous employer, potentially leaving firms vulnerable to social media hijacking or other unauthorized use of their systems. The fact that nearly 30% of workers said that their employer never changes passwords, or only does so when there is an issue goes some way to explaining this. This is compounded by the fact that over 60% of employees don’t know what their company’s password policy is, or even if it has one. Being able to enforce simple password practices amongst employees should be a business’s first line of defense from external threats. However, it’s evident that many employees’ take a lackadaisical attitude towards sensitive and confidential information, leaving businesses open to easily-avoidable breaches and hack attacks. Dashlane’s ‘Digital Indifference in the Workplace’ report spoke to 3,000 people in the UK, USA , and France to explore how people are using passwords in their workplace, what policies and practices are common, and how passwords impact our working lives. The results highlight the casual attitude to passwords from employees, especially amongst those aged 16-24, which threatens to drastically undermine the security of a business. It also found that poor password management is impacting workplace efficiency as employees fumble for log-ins and remain locked out of services. The report reveals that:  Young people are the most casual with their approach to password security, with 67% of 16-24-year-olds admitting to sharing a password with a colleague. This is often conducted in an unsafe way, such as using Post-It or unsecured spreadsheets. 42% can access accounts or subscription-based services that belong to previous employers, putting firms at risk from unauthorized use of key services. Over 60% of people say they don’t know or their employer doesn’t have a password policy. Employees have little formal guidance from their employers or are ignorant of the rules that are in place, resulting in a situation where the path of least resistance becomes conventional practice 41% said poor password management impacts their workplace efficiency in some way. Getting locked out of key services, asking for password reminder emails and searching around for the right code are all having a tangible impact on employee efficiency Password sharing is rife, with 53% of respondents admitting to doing this. And rather than using safe and secure techniques, employees are sharing passwords using Post-it notes and unsecured, shared spreadsheets Dashlane helps hundreds of businesses securing their password management. Learn more by clicking here: https://www.dashlane.com/teams
Africa: World Maritime Day - Senegal, Here's Your Chance  A month after it was closed, KN4 street remains quiet A month after KN4 Street in central Kigali was declared a no-go zone for motorized transport that stretch of asphalt from the new Peace Plaza to the Ecole Belge does not seem to have sprung into vigorous activity.  During the day, most especially when the heat of the sun is blasting down, only a handful of walkers will be seen moving anywhere on that street. City activity can be heard from a distance, with the sound of honking cars coming either from the i&M Bank direction, or down from those passing Centenary House.  KN4 Street most of the time looks like a dead street these days. In the last few days some street artists have began taking advantage of the car-less street to set up easels in the middle of the road and painting pictures of adjacent buildings.  Mayor Fidel Ndayisaba in announcing the closure of KN4 to cars assured residents of the capital this was in the new city master plan.  A walkable, green city is the objective. The City of Kigali administration has plans to make pedestrian streets livelier, by planting more trees and green spaces in streets, of which KN4 is the pilot phase. That is what the Mayor as well as Alphonse Nkurunziza the city's Head of Engineering and Urban Planning have said.  But the businesses that operate on that street are struggling with depleted customer numbers, and many - at least the ones The Rwanda Focus has talked to - hint that moving to other places is what may save them.  An employee of the famous Camelia Restaurant - an eatery popular with the working, middle class of the central business district - who requested not to be named told this newspaper that they are experiencing a drop of at least over 80 percent in their customer numbers.  "Before the new policy, we used to have between two hundred to two hundred forty customers every day in the morning hours alone," he said. "We could easily have five hundred during lunch hours and maybe two hundred in the evening. Now we are lucky if we can get one hundred eighty customers an entire day. Now the employees outnumber customers."  He said if things continue much longer like this, restaurant ownership might decide to relocate.  To walk into any of the banks operating on that street is to see significantly reduced numbers. The counters look much less active than in the past. Ecobank's parking space still lies idle. Bank of Kigali headquarters has an active basement parking, but its first floor level parking looks unused these days.  An official in one of the banks told this newspaper that they might manage the problem by converting some of the counters into other uses, and building more branches in the outskirts of the city. "That will require some significant investments, but there is no other way," said the official.  Small businesses that sell clothes, phones, jewelry, electric gadgets and so on nowadays look mostly forlorn, with shop attendants looking like they have much more time to talk or stare in their phones than for anything else.  Many of the people we talked with expressed support for the CofK of Kigali decision, but each and everyone running a business on that street says it took them by surprise.  City authorities on their part contend there was nothing rushed about the decision.  "These are things we had been discussing with businesses and other stakeholders and so it wasn't a rushed decision at all," Mayor Ndayisaba told journalists when the street was declared a car free zone last month.  One of the main reasons why Kigali embarked on a car-free policy was to decongest the city, Nkurunziza the chief city engineer was quoted in the media as saying.  Building green spaces, more user-friendly pedestrian walkways, outside cafes and so on will attract more pedestrians to the street. The city authorities have also assured the capital's residents that there will be shuttle bus services linking the pedestrian streets to the rest of Kigali.  Currently there isn't much to indicate any of these things is being done. We tried to line up an interview with Mr. Nkurunziza to tell us more about plans in the offing, but hadn't yet talked to him by the time we committed this article to print.  So far, the one visible new innovation in place has been building a paved walkway connecting KN4 Street with the former Boulevard de la Revolution, the street on which i&M Bank, the new City Hall and other institutions are located.  The walkway, about a hundred or so meters of it, cuts between City Hall and the site of the old Ministry of foreign Affairs building, which has been demolished to make way for a new structure. It is already proving a big convenience for individuals conducting businesses or looking for services in offices located in one street, and then crossing over to look for others on the street across.  City of Kigali, according to the Mayor, is determined to build the Rwandan capital into a trend-setting, modern one that is shopping-friendly, easy to walk and characterized by convenient public transport. Ndayisaba and his team have achieved much in the time he has been in office.  The big challenge they face now is to as quickly as possible make that one street, KN4 live up to the objectives for which it is billed a pilot phase. Rwanda  Rwanda and DR Congo yesterday launched a fresh round of security talks, a move both countries have described as "a new … see more » Copyright © 2015 Rwanda Focus. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .
Virtual money is officially a commodity, just like crude oil or wheat. So says the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), which on Thursday announced it had filed and settled charges against a Bitcoin exchange for facilitating the trading of option contracts on its platform. "In this order, the CFTC for the first time finds that Bitcoin and other virtual currencies are properly defined as commodities," according to the press release. While market participants have long discussed whether Bitcoin could be defined as a commodity, and the CFTC has long pondered whether the cryptocurrency falls under its jurisdiction , the implications of this move are potentially numerous. By this action, the CFTC asserts its authority to provide oversight of the trading of cryptocurrency futures and options, which will now be subject to the agency&apos;s regulations. In the event of wrongdoing, such as futures manipulation, the CFTC will be able to bring charges against bad actors. If a company wants to operate a trading platform for Bitcoin derivatives or futures, it will need to register as a swap execution facility or designated contract market, just like the CME Group. And Coinflip—the target of the CFTC action—is hardly the only company that provides a platform to trade Bitcoin derivatives or futures. “While there is a lot of excitement surrounding Bitcoin and other virtual currencies, innovation does not excuse those acting in this space from following the same rules applicable to all participants in the commodity derivatives markets," said Aitan Goelman, the CFTC&apos;s director of enforcement, in a statement. A request for comment sent to Coinflip&apos;s chief executive via LinkedIn was not immediately returned. Coinflip consented to the order without admitting or denying any of its findings or conclusions. Since Coinflip is not alone in providing a platform to trade Bitcoin derivatives or futures, Goelman&apos;s words imply that other unregulated exchanges could soon attract the attention of the CFTC. As such, the CFTC is bringing dealings in Bitcoin, long prized for its anonymity, into the light. While this could help clean up U.S. trading around the product, potentially helping to avoid a repeat of the Mt. Gox escapade , it is also likely to increase the cost of doing business. Bitcoin has been trading sideways throughout 2015: Bloomberg
(Adds Quote: s from Hays CEO Cox) By Andy Bruce LONDON, Sept 28 (Reuters) - A worsening skills shortage could blight hopes that Britain can overcome years of dire productivity performance, potentially denting its economic expansion in future, a report suggested on Monday. Weak productivity has been a big problem for advanced nations since the financial crisis and Britain has struggled more than most, potentially limiting how much workers can expect to earn in the future. Skill shortages in Britain worsened for a fourth consecutive year, and now rank among the most severe in Europe, according to the annual Global Skills Index from recruitment group Hays and consultancy Oxford Economics. This pushed up wage pressures as employers were forced into a "war for talent" in certain industries like engineering and technology. While the unemployment rate has fallen to levels last seen before the financial crisis and wage growth has started to recover after years of stagnation, Hays warned the skills gap will create problems unless the government takes action soon. "UK growth prospects are better than they have been in a long time but employers are facing ever-greater challenges around finding the talent they need," said Alistair Cox, chief executive of Hays, which operates in 33 countries. "This can only mean that the productivity challenges we face as a nation will become even more severe." Cox added that better training, attracting highly-skilled workers from overseas and better investment in technology are all part of the solution. Underlining the challenge facing the government, half of Britain's companies have had trouble investing in staff and new technology that are needed to improve the country's weak productivity performance, according to the Chartered Institute for Personnel Development on Friday. Britain's Conservative government in July unveiled a plan to boost productivity in July, and wants to train up 3 million apprentices by 2020 to fill the skills gap in areas like engineering. But many business figures are critical of the government's immigration policy, which they say deters highly-skilled workers from outside the European Union, exacerbating the shortage of skills. "Let's have some sensibly thought-through migration policies so that we are not closed to business for the very best people," Cox told Reuters. "Our competition around the world -- Singapore, Australia, Canada -- are saying 'great, if you don't want these people, we welcome them'. And they've designed their visa systems accordingly." A survey from the Recruitment and Employment Confederation earlier this month showed that job placements had been held up by a lack of skilled candidates. The Hays survey showed other countries also struggle with a severe mismatch of talent, including Ireland and the United States. Official figures on British productivity for the second quarter are due next Thursday, after it returned to modest growth in the first three months of the year. Output per hour is still around 1 percent lower than its level in early 2008, before Britain tipped into recession. The Bank of England is keeping a close eye on wage growth as it mulls the first rate hike in over seven years. The ongoing productivity puzzle could cast doubt over the central bank's ability to gauge the speed with which pay will rise. (Reporting by Andy Bruce; Editing by Ana Nicolaci da Costa )
> Top News Clinton seeks to move past email woes in Democratic debate Supporters of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton march outside the CNN Democratic presidential debate site, Tuesday, Oct. 13, 2015, in Las Vegas. Democratic presidential candidates Clinton, Jim Webb, Bernie Sanders, Lincoln Chafee, and Martin O'Malley will take the stage later today. (AP Photo/John Locher) iWitness7 is your chance to join the News Center 7 team! Upload your videos and photos and share with the entire WHIO-TV community!  © 2015 Cox Media Group . By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy , and understand your options regarding Ad Choices . Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field  Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field  Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering!  We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering!  We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close  Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *}
Next  Droplet generation for ARCs is possible using a pattern of concentric circles alternating between mesas and trenches 36 . Like smaller droplets, the contact line of this reservoir will oscillate in response to vertical vibrations of sufficient amplitude. As the vibration amplitude is increased over a second threshold, the morphology of the contact line will shift from a nearly perfect circle to a trigonal planar shape 32 , 36 . The alternating circle pattern distorts or modifies this contact line, which introduces instabilities at the “vertices” of the contact line 36 . As the contact line expands across the surface texture, the vertices become pinned on the mesas. When the contact line retracts, a “pinch-off” occurs as the contact line is sheared over the trench ( Figure 2b ). With this design, the resulting droplet size is dependent on the initial size of the reservoir, and droplets as small as 0.1 µL have been generated 36 . Switching  Switching is the process of selectively moving a droplet from one path to another. This function is essential for sorting droplets and increasing the throughput of downstream processes. Switches are relatively simple to implement with DMF systems that move droplets by modulating surface tension because a surface tension gradient can be created in any direction within the droplet. On an EWOD or OEW device, a droplet will move in the direction of an activated electrode. With an array of individually addressable electrodes, a droplet can be switched by activating an electrode next to the current path of the droplet 7 , 25 , 39 . The droplet will be pulled onto this electrode and can be subsequently directed to a new path in any direction. Microheaters are also organized in individually addressable arrays to move droplets, but unlike EWOD electrodes, individual microheaters can only move droplets along a single axis 40 . However, microheater switches have been achieved through the use of specially designed “intersections”. These intersections can switch a droplet by turning it 90 degrees onto a new track ( Figure 2c ). The intersection accomplishes this by creating a heated region that pushes the droplet in the direction of the new path while inhibiting movement on the direction of the original path 40 . With photosensitive surfaces, as in electrowetting, droplets can be directed in any direction or pattern depending on the location of the light-activated chemical gradient relative to the droplet 21 , 31 .  Implementing switches on contact line driven systems has been proven to be more of a challenge. ARC systems have been developed that use EWOD electrodes to pull droplets onto a new path of rungs ( Figure 2d ) 41 . However, a switch that selectively moves droplets solely through geometric modulation of the contact line has yet to be developed. Interestingly, ARC systems are able to selectively move specific droplet sizes based on the frequency of applied vibrations 42 . This ability is likely present in nanostructured Parylene ratchets and TPAs as well, as the amplitude threshold for contact line oscillation is based on droplet volume 43 . As mentioned previously, the direction of droplet motion is also dependent on the feature size of the TPAs. Such phenomena could eventually lead to the production of a switch that relies only on the geometric control of the contact line. Droplet fusion  The fusion, or merging, of two droplets is a simple function for DMF systems to perform. With no encapsulating liquid, two droplets will spontaneously merge when they come in contact. Surface tension driven systems can accomplish this by creating surface tension gradients in two droplets that are directed towards each other, which causes the droplets to converge ( Figure 3a ) 39 . Droplet fusion can be accomplished on contact line driven systems in a similar fashion by transporting droplets along two converging paths 22 . Fusion can also be performed along a single path with two different sized droplets ( Figure 3b ). This is accomplished by using a vibration frequency that modulates the contact line of only one droplet. One droplet will be transported along the path while the other remains static. When the moving droplet reaches the static droplet, the two will merge, and the resulting droplet can then be transported using a different vibration frequency 22 . Figure 3  Droplet fission and fusion. ( a ) The sequence depicts the fission of one large droplet into two smaller droplets, and the recombination of the two droplets (adapted with permission from Ref 39 Copyright 2003 IEEE). ( b ) Two droplets are merged on an ARC path, and the resulting droplet is then transported (adapted with permission from Ref 22 Copyright 2012 John Wiley & Sons). ( c ) Microheater arrays can split droplets by creating thermal gradients (adapted with permission from Ref 40 Copyright 2003 AIP Publishing LLC).
> Entertainment Showing less skin: Playboy to stop running nude photos FILE - In this April 5, 2007 file photo, Playboy Enterprises founder Hugh Hefner poses with a copy of Playboy magazine featuring Anna Nicole Smith as Playmate of the Year, at the Playboy Mansion in Los Angeles. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes, File)
Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...  Mon, Sep 28, 2015, 13:23 BST - UK Markets close in 3 hrs 7 mins Should You Buy Tern PLC As Its Cryptosoft Ltd Unit Pushes Ahead? By Rupert Hargreaves | Fool.co.uk – 1 hour 26 minutes ago 16.30 -1.700  Investment company Tern (LSE: TERN) is falling today despite the fact that the company's largest investment, Cryptosoft Ltd, issued a relatively upbeat trading statement this morning.  Cryptosoft is Tern's most substantial investment, accounting for 95% of the company's potential portfolio return. Tern's other investments are Flexian, Push Technology, and Seal Software. The company owns between 1% and 0.5% of each of these businesses. So in many respects, Tern's long-term success is dependent upon the success, or failure, of Cryptosoft.  Upbeat update  Today's trading update from Cryptosoft is full of good news. The company's new management team has been in place since 1 July 2015 and is pushing forward with a new strategic plan.  Management's focus during the past three months has been on marketing, strategic partnerships and finding sales opportunities, several of which have been identified. And over the next four months, Cryptosoft will focus on turning these opportunities into concrete sales.  What's more, since the beginning of July Cryptosoft has launched a new product, the V3 Data Centric Security Platform, and has developed strategic partnerships. The V3 Data Centric Security Platform is an updated version of the V2 version, which is already in commercial use with major UK and US companies.  Cryptosoft claims to be the only supplier with a peer-reviewed, market-proven software security product, for Internet of Things and Machine-to-Machine applications.  Four-month watermark  Within today's trading update, Cryptosoft tells investors that the company will be looking to convert sales opportunities into bookable revenues over the next four months, giving investors a clear-cut time frame for growth. Indeed, now that the company has laid out this goal, investors have a benchmark to judge management's performance.  And a clear-cut goal is exactly what Tern needs to build investors' trust. Since coming to market, the company has been shrouded in controversy, despite the fact that it has rapidly become one of AIM's hottest stocks.  Like all early-stage investment businesses and small-caps, Tern needs to prove to investors that it can be trusted to hit growth targets, make sensible investment decisions and build shareholder equity. So Cryptosoft's progress over the next four months will be a crucial factor in determining whether or not Tern is set for the big time.  High-risk, High-reward  Unfortunately, Cryptosoft's success isn't guaranteed. The company is a small player in an industry dominated by large tech giants. There's nothing to stop these competitors muscling in on the company's target market while it tries to secure contracts. The tech sector is notoriously competitive and firms need to have deep pockets to fend off the competition.  Cryptosoft doesn't have the financial firepower to take on the likes of Vodafone , Blackberry , and Symantec , which has already secured more than 1bn IoT devices.  Overall, the next four months will be a critical time for Cryptosoft and Tern. Investors could have a lot to look forward to.   Not for the faint of heart  Tern certainly isn't for the faint of heart and if you're not willing to risk everything with the company, the Motley Fool's top analysts have recently identified a company that they consider to be one of the market's "top small caps" .  The company in question has signed deals with some of the FTSE 100's most successful companies, has a strong cash balance, proven advantage, and unlike Tern is already profitable. Our analysts reckon that the shares of this company could have a potential upside of 45%!  If you'd like to find out more, download the free report today .  Rupert Hargreaves has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK has no position in any of the shares mentioned.
Tracy Morgan performs first stand-up show since accident Tracy Morgan is coming back with a bang. Post to Facebook Tracy Morgan performs first stand-up show since accident Tracy Morgan is coming back with a bang. Check out this story on wtsp.com: http://on.wtsp.com/1REw1aj Cancel Send A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Tracy Morgan performs first stand-up show since accident USA Today, USAToday.com 9:02 a.m. EDT October 13, 2015 Actor Tracy Morgan arrives at The 67th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards Governors Ball at the Los Angeles Convention Center on September 20, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo: Kevin Winter/Getty Images) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENT EMAIL MORE  Tracy Morgan is coming back with a bang.  The comedian, who has been recovering from a traumatic brain injury from a 2014 car accident for more than a year, is getting back to the swing of things. After returning to the stage for a memorable appearance at the Emmy Awards in Sept ., Morgan is now onstage to perform. The comedian will host Saturday Night Live this Saturday, but, perhaps as a warm-up, he stopped by New York's Comedy Cellar for a set on Monday -- his first real performance since the accident. Morgan tweeted a photo of himself onstage: My first time on stage in 16 Months at the #ComedyCellar ! Picking up the pieces! pic.twitter.com/T2uD2Zndot — Tracy Morgan (@RealTracyMorgan) October 13, 2015  "I'm here, standing on my own two feet. And God bless all of you for your love, your prayers, your positive thoughts for the past months," Morgan said onstage at the Emmys. "It's been a long road back. "  He elaborated backstage: "If God can get you to it, he'll get you through it. And I'm here. My wife kept saying, 'We'll get through it, we'll get back to the funny.' And we did that tonight…It's time for us to start laughing again. And that's what we did."  Morgan will return to SNL , where he was a cast member for seven years, on Saturday at 11:30 p.m., alongside musical guest Demi Lovato. Read or Share this story: http://on.wtsp.com/1REw1aj More Stories
Ultrafast lasers offer 3-D micropatterning of biocompatible silk hydrogels by Staff Writers Somerville MA (SPX) Sep 25, 2015 Illustration of laser-based micropatterning of silk hydrogels. The transparent gels enable the laser's photons to be absorbed more than 10 times deeper than with other materials, without damaging the cells surrounding the "Tufts" pattern. Image courtesy M.B.  Tufts University biomedical engineers are using low-energy, ultrafast laser technology to make high-resolution, 3-D structures in silk protein hydrogels. The laser-based micropatterning represents a new approach to customized engineering of tissue and biomedical implants.  The work is reported in a paper in PNAS Early Edition published September 15 online before print: "Laser-based three-dimensional multiscale micropatterning of biocompatible hydrogels for customized tissue engineering scaffolds."  Artificial tissue growth requires pores, or voids, to bring oxygen and nutrients to rapidly proliferating cells in the tissue scaffold. Current patterning techniques allow for the production of random, micron-scale pores and the creation of channels that are hundreds of microns in diameter, but there is little in between.  The Tufts researchers used an ultrafast, femtosecond laser to generate scalable, high-resolution 3-D voids within silk protein hydrogel, a soft, transparent biomaterial that supports cell growth and allows cells to penetrate deep within it. The researchers were able to create voids at multiple scales as small as 10 microns and as large at 400 microns over a large volume.  Further, the exceptional clarity of the transparent silk gels enabled the laser's photons to be absorbed nearly 1 cm below the surface of the gel - more than 10 times deeper than with other materials, without damaging adjacent material.  The laser treatment can be done while keeping the cell culture sealed and sterile. Unlike most 3-D printing, this technique does not require photoinitiators, compounds that promote photoreactivity but are typically bio-incompatible.  "Because the femtosecond laser pulses allow us to target specific regions without any damage to the immediate surroundings, we can imagine using such micropatterning to controllably design around living cells, guide cell growth and create an artificial vasculature within an already densely seeded silk hydrogel," said senior author Fiorenzo G. Omenetto, Ph.D. Omenetto is associate dean for research, professor of biomedical engineering and Frank C. Doble professor at Tufts School of Engineering and also holds an appointment in physics in the School of Arts and Sciences.  The research team reported similar results in vitro and in a preliminary in vivo study in mice.  Other authors on the paper were Matthew B. Applegate, who led the experimental effort; Jeannine Coburn; Benjamin P. Partlow; Jodie E. Moreau; Jessica P. Mondia; Benedetto Marelli, and David L. Kaplan, all of the Department of Biomedical Engineering, Tufts University School of Engineering. Applegate M.B. (2015) "Laser-based 3-Dimensional multiscale micropatterning of biocompatible hydrogels for customized tissue engineering scaffolds" PNAS Early Edition. 10.1073/pnas.1509405112. .
Just a few months after going on television to talk about their fertility struggles, Teigen took to Instagram Monday to tell the world that a child is on the way.  "John and I are so happy to announce that we are pregnant :)  "As many of you know, we've been trying to have a baby for a while now. It hasn't been easy, but we kept trying because we can't wait to bring our first child into the world and grow our family.  "We're so excited that it's finally happening. Thank you for all your love and well wishes. I look forward to all the belly touching! Xx"  Teigen said on the Tyra Banks television show "FabLife" not long ago that people often asked when she and her husband of two years were starting a family, unaware that she and Legend were having trouble getting pregnant.  "We would have had kids five, six years ago if it had happened," she said. "It's been a process. We've seen fertility doctors."  Copyright 2015 by CNN NewSource . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WEATHER ON THE GO: Get the Bay News 9+ app with Klystron 9 on the go! New USF housing being built with innovative 3-D technology  The new USF off-campus apartments will include 163 units and a seven-story attached parking garage. it will be the first building of its kind in Florida. By Ashley Jeffery, Reporter Last Updated: Sunday, September 27, 2015 TAMPA --  The Clark Builders Group (CBG) in Tampa is building one the newest, most innovative builds for off-ampus housing near the University of South Florida.  “This building is the next step in construction technology,” said CBG Company Senior Vice President Chris Hirst.  The new six-story apartment building will be built using a patented 3-D model from the Denver-based technology company Prescient. The apartment will include 163 units and a seven-story attached parking garage. This will be the first building of its kind in Tampa and in the state of Florida.  “We've built an algorithm that will actually take an architect's design and populate that with the system very, very precisely,” said Prescient founder John Vanker. “So now we have what I like to call an exact replica of what the build will be when it is completed."  John Vanker's technology takes out the guesswork when it comes to materials for framing. This means no more cutting down two-by-fours to fit the frame; instead the framing will come in separate pieces, ready to install and put together.  “In this building, we’re only bringing to the site exact things we’re going to use and no trash will be going off the site from the framing portion of the building,” Hirst said.  “It’s really a paradigm shift for the construction industry,” Hirst said. This system fills the gap between wood and concrete or red iron construction.”  The framing portion of the building is expected to begin early November. The entire dorm is expected to be completed by August 2016.  Artist’s rendering of the exterior of the courtyard.  Artist’s rendering of the pool area.  Artist’s rendering looking out into courtyard.
SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US © 2015 Cox Media Group . By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy , and understand your options regarding Ad Choices . Learn about careers at Cox Media Group . John Legend, Chrissy Teigen announce pregnancy FILE - In this July 18, 2011 file photo, model Chrissy Teigen, left, and singer John Legend pose for photos after the Dineila Brazil swim suit show during the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in Miami Beach, Fla. Teigen and Legend announced on their Instagram accounts, Monday, Oct. 12, that they are expecting their first child. (AP Photo/J Pat Carter, File) Most Read  Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *}  Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *}  Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy . {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy . {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy . {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing...  We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your profile.  If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering!  We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.  Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password  Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *}
View Photo   German prosecutors on Monday announced a criminal investigation against Volkswagen (Other OTC: VLKAF - news ) 's former chief executive as the government pressed the embattled auto giant to resolve a pollution cheating scandal that has rocked the auto sector.  The affair will also be on the agenda when the European Union's 28 trade or industry ministers gather in Luxembourg this week for the first high-level meeting in Europe on the VW crisis since it erupted last week.  In Germany, public prosecutors in the northern city of Brunswick said they have launched a criminal probe against Martin Winterkorn, who resigned as VW's CEO after the group revealed that 11 million of its diesel vehicles are equipped with devices that fool official pollution tests.  In his resignation statement, the 68-year-old manager, a renowned perfectionist in the industry, said he was "not aware" of having done anything wrong.  The carmaker's supervisory board also appeared to absolve him initially, insisting that Winterkorn -- who as Germany's highest-paid executive could under normal rules stand to pocket a payout of around 60 million euros ($67 million) -- had not been aware of the fraud.  - Chain of responsibility -  But prosecutors said they were looking to establish the exact chain of responsibility in the scam, which is snowballing into one of the biggest ever in the European automobile industry and threatening to tarnish Germany's pristine engineering reputation.  "Following a number of legal suits, the public prosecutors in Brunswick have opened an investigation against Martin Winterkorn, the former chief executive of Volkswagen," they said in a statement.  "The investigation will focus on the allegation of fraud by selling vehicles with manipulated emission values," it added.  VW Friday announced it was replacing Winterkorn with the head of VW's luxury sports car brand Porsche, Matthias Mueller.  The new 62-year-old boss faces daunting challenges as he seeks to steer VW out of the wreckage left by the affair.  The German government has given Volkswagen until October 7 to submit measures and a timetable to fix vehicles that have been fitted with the cheating software, a ministry spokesman said Monday.  The devices can switch on pollution controls when they detect the car is undergoing testing. They then switch off the controls when the car is on the road, allowing it to spew out harmful levels of emissions.  - Ignored warnings -  According to German media reports at the weekend, Volkswagen ignored warnings from staff and a supplier years ago that the emission test rigging software was illegal.  The scandal has tarnished VW's name, left it exposed to up to 18 billion dollars (16 billion euros) in US fines, and wiped a third off its stock market value in a week.  Volkswagen's top-of-the-range automaker Audi (LSE: 0FG8.L - news ) said that 2.1 million of its diesel cars worldwide are among the 11 million fitted with the so-called defeat devices. Czech subsidiary Skoda said 1.2 million of its vehicles were affected.  The environmentalist group Greenpeace lashed out at VW's piecemeal communication of the scandal, especially after new CEO Mueller promised a "ruthless" investigation into the affair and a "fresh start".  In addition to Germany, national authorities in several other countries have announced probes. And lawsuits are being filed, including class-action suits in the United States.  VW's diesel vehicles are coming under close regulatory scrutiny worldwide and France has even extended the checks to cars made by other manufacturers.  VW was not immediately available on Monday to comment on the news of the criminal investigation against Winterkorn, or media reports suggesting the group had suspended a number of managers in its R&D division.  - Incalculable costs -  With the carmaker facing the possibility of having to recall as many as 2.8 million vehicles in Germany alone, the direct and indirect costs of the affair are still incalculable.  VW has already said it will set aside 6.5 billion euros in provisions in the third quarter. But analysts at DZ Bank suggested it could be 1.0-3.0 billion euros more.  On top of that sum, VW also faces onerous regulatory fines, including up to $18 billion in the United States. And the fallout on customer purchases cannot yet be estimated.  Investors appear to fear that more bad news is still to come.  After losing 34 percent of their value or around 25 billion euros last week, VW shares were again the biggest losers on the Frankfurt stock exchange Monday, where they showed a loss of as much as 9.3 percent in intraday trade. They ended the day 7.5 percent lower.
This University Challenge contestant stole the show with more than just his brains This University Challenge contestant stole the show with more than just his brains Share  Monday evenings mean only one thing to the nation of Britain… University Challenge.  Jeremy Paxman was poised and ready to fire questions at two ridiculously intelligent teams from St John’s College, Oxford and the University of Bristol as they went head to head in the last first-round match in the competition.  As per every episode, there was one contestant that stole our attention, and on Monday it was the soft-spoken Charlie Clegg, originally from Glasgow, who is studying theology at Oxford University. (BBC/Screenshot)  Not only did we ponder whether there was any possibility he could’ve had blood ties to the former leader of the Liberal Democrats leader, but maybe the musical twin brothers Charlie and Craig Reid too? "Hello, I'm Charlie Clegg, I'm from Glasgow, and I'm one half of The Proclaimers". #UniversityChallenge  — David Ephgrave (@David_Ephgrave) October 12, 2015 Clegg is a body double for one of the Proclaimers #universitychallenge  Well they are Scottish too, after all… The Proclaimers had a son? #universitychallenge #clegg  Soon came the moment that had us spluttering out mouthfuls of tea into our cups… We’d like to elaborate, but this video clip pretty much speaks for itself. They're loud, those buzzers (watch to the end) #universitychallenge pic.twitter.com/hN68ALHE13  — Nick Thornsby (@NickThornsby) October 12, 2015  Assuming Charlie had tuned into University Challenge only hundreds of times, one could only guess he’d have been mentally prepared for the sound of the buzzer. Turns out he wasn’t. Wow, he really jumped out of his seat, when the person next to him pressed their buzzer! #universitychallenge  — Em Preece (@EmmaPreece1) October 12, 2015 Shoutout to Clegg for being scared of his team mates buzzer… We saw you #universitychallenge  — Tom Whitney (@Seasick_Tom) October 12, 2015 Clegg looking at his buzzer like it wasn't supposed to buzz #universitychallenge  — Uni Challenge Faces (@UnichallengeF) October 12, 2015  And you’d think after a couple buzzes or so, the Oxford student would’ve been at ease with the screeching noise, but you’d be mistaken.  Throughout the remainder of the 30 minute show, poor Charlie couldn’t help but look like a startled deer in the headlights every time his team mates slammed their hands down. Clegg jumping every time the buzzer rings – That's comedy gold in #universitychallenge  — The Guy Next Door (@guy_in_london) October 12, 2015 #universitychallenge Harries! You're gonna have to stop buzzing before you give old Clegg a myocardial infarction!  — Angela Roberts (@AngelaRoberts2) October 12, 2015 Share article  Charlie and his team thrashed their opponents by 130 points (despite his fear of the buzzer), storming into round two. Promoted Stories
Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP Image 1 of / 11 11 Carvings are seen on a wall at the Horemheb tomb in the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2015. Egypt's antiquities minister said King Tut's tomb may contain hidden chambers, lending support to a British Egyptologist's theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP Carvings are seen on a wall at the Horemheb tomb in the Valley of... Image 2 of 11 The tomb of King Tut is displayed in a glass case at the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2015. Egypt's antiquities minister said King Tut's tomb may contain hidden chambers, lending support to a British Egyptologist's theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP The tomb of King Tut is displayed in a glass case at the Valley of... Image 3 of 11 A policeman takes a selfie at the Amenhotep II tomb in the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2015. Egypt's antiquities minister says King Tut's tomb may contain hidden chambers, lending support to a British Egyptologist's theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP A policeman takes a selfie at the Amenhotep II tomb in the Valley... Image 4 of 11 Egypt's Antiquities Minister Mamdouh el-Damaty, left, and Nicholas Reeves, a British Egyptologist affiliated with the Egyptian expedition at the University of Arizona, center, visit the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2015. El-Damaty said King Tut's tomb may contain hidden chambers, lending support to the British Egyptologist's theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP Egypt's Antiquities Minister Mamdouh el-Damaty, left, and Nicholas... Image 5 of 11 Egyptian laborers work at the entrance of the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2015. Egypt's antiquities minister said King Tut's tomb may contain hidden chambers, lending support to a British Egyptologist's theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. Partial translation of the Arabic sign reads, "Long live Egypt, the Egyptian expedition is working on fixing and cleaning the area, part of a project to develop the Valley of the Kings." Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP Egyptian laborers work at the entrance of the Valley of the Kings... Image 6 of 11 Nicholas Reeves, a British Egyptologist affiliated with the Egyptian expedition at the University of Arizona, left, arrives at the Horemheb tomb in the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2015. Egypt's antiquities minister said King Tut's tomb may contain hidden chambers, lending support to the British Egyptologist's theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP Nicholas Reeves, a British Egyptologist affiliated with the... Image 7 of 11 A policeman stands guard at the Horemheb tomb in the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2015. Egypt's antiquities minister said King Tut's tomb may contain hidden chambers, lending support to a British Egyptologist's theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP A policeman stands guard at the Horemheb tomb in the Valley of the... Image 8 of 11 A female video journalist films inscriptions on a wall at the Horemheb tomb in the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2015. Egypt's antiquities minister says King Tut's tomb may contain hidden chambers, lending support to a British Egyptologist's theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP A female video journalist films inscriptions on a wall at the... Image 9 of 11 The tomb of King Tut is displayed in a glass case at the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2015. Egypt's antiquities minister said King Tut's tomb may contain hidden chambers, lending support to a British Egyptologist's theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP The tomb of King Tut is displayed in a glass case at the Valley of... Image 10 of 11 Tourists arrive at the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt, Tuesday, Sept. 29, 2015. Egypt's antiquities minister said King Tut's tomb may contain hidden chambers, lending support to a British Egyptologist's theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. Photo: Nariman El-Mofty, AP Tourists arrive at the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt,... Image 11 of 11 Egypt says King Tut's tomb may have hidden chambers 1 / 11 Back to Gallery LUXOR, Egypt (AP) — King Tut 's tomb may contain hidden chambers, Egypt's antiquities minister said Tuesday, lending support to a new theory that a queen may be buried in the walls of the 3,300 year-old pharaonic mausoleum. While touring the burial sites of Tutankhamun and other pharaohs in the famed Valley of the Kings, Minister Mamdouh el-Damaty said he will seek final approval for the radar inspection of the tomb. El-Damaty was visiting Luxor with British Egyptologist Nicholas Reeves , who recently theorized that Tutankhamun, popularly known as King Tut, who died at the age of 19, may have been rushed into an outer chamber of what was originally the tomb of Queen Nefertiti. He said high-resolution images of what is known as King Tut's tomb "revealed several very interesting features which look not at all natural, features like very, very straight lines which are 90 degrees to the ground, positioned so as to correspond with other features within the tomb." These features are difficult to capture with the naked eye, he said. Reeves said the plastered walls could conceal two unexplored doorways, one of which perhaps leads to Nefertiti's tomb. He also argues that the design of the tomb suggests it was built for a queen, rather than a king. "I agree with him that there's probably something behind the walls," el-Damaty said. But he said if anyone is buried there it is likely Kia, believed by some Egyptologists to be King Tut's mother. Nefertiti, who was famed for her beauty and was the subject of a famous 3,300 year-old bust, was the primary wife of the Pharaoh Akhenaten, who introduced an early form of monotheism. Akhenaten was succeeded by a pharaoh referred to as Smenkhare and then Tut, who is widely believed to have been Akhenaten's son. Reeves argues that Smenkhare is actually Nefertiti. "Nefertiti disappears... according to the latest inscriptions just being found," said Reeves, explaining his theory inside King Tut's tomb. "I think that Nefertiti didn't disappear, she simply changed her name." After Nefertiti died, Tut was responsible for burying her, and then when he died someone decided to extend the tomb, Reeves suggested. "I think since Nefertiti had been buried a decade before, they remembered that tomb was there and they thought, well, perhaps we can extend it," he said. Any discovery would provide more information about this turbulent time in ancient Egypt. "Akhenaten's family is full of secrets and historical issues that have yet to be resolved," el-Damaty said.
A Lloyds Bank spokesperson said: "RSA was the Home Emergency insurance cover provider for a small number of Lloyds Premier Account holders and the data was held as per standard data retention requirements and processes.  "We are continuing to work closely with RSA on their investigation and impacted customers have been contacted. "Any of these customers can call the dedicated freephone helpline number 0800 316 809 to discuss concerns."  The bank said it has informed the regulator of the situation.  An RSA spokesperson said: "Unfortunately a data storage device has been reported as stolen from one of our data centres.  "We have advised our regulators and are in the process of contacting potentially impacted customers to apologise.  "We are working with the police on a full investigation and although there is no evidence to suggest that this data has been misused in any way, we are offering identity protection with Cifas for two years to provide reassurance to these customers.  "We recognise this should never have happened and apologise to all of our customers who have been impacted.” Related articles
NASA claims to have found evidence of running water on Mars - which could suggest alien lifeforms have lived on the planet. In a study, researchers said flowing liquid water is almost certainly responsible for mysterious features on the surface of the planet that change with the seasons. A Martian life: These pictures suggest water can be found on the Red Planet Satellite images have identified narrow streaks, typically less than five metres (16.4 ft) wide, that appear on slopes during warm seasons, lengthen, and then fade when conditions become cooler. Read more: Strangest objects spotted on Mars after water find including 'alien scorpions', 'spoon' and a 'dark lady' Experts have speculated that water might be involved in the formation of the gully-like features, known as recurring slope lineae (RSL), but only now has evidence supporting the theory come to light. NASA/JPL/University of Arizona/PA Satellite images have identified narrow streaks which appear on slopes during warm seasons A new high resolution technique has revealed that RSLs at four locations on Mars contain salt minerals that precipitate from briny water. The salts, which are absent from the surrounding terrain, are thought to have been left by water flowing down the sides of hills or crater rims. Quote: : "Water is essential to life as we know it. The presence of liquid water on Mars today has astrobiological, geologic and hydrologic implications and may affect future human exploration." NASA/JPL/University of Arizona/PA Scientists believe flowing liquid water is almost certainly responsible for mysterious features on Mars Watch the NASA press conference on the findings Video loading Writing in the journal Nature Geoscience, the scientists led by Phd student Lujendra Ojha, from the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, US, concluded: "Our findings strongly support the hypothesis that recurring slope lineae form as a result of contemporary water activity on Mars." If confirmed the discovery has major implications for the chances of finding life on Mars, and future human exploration of the Red Planet. VIEW GALLERY Mars is a cold barren desert today but is thought to have been warmer and wetter billions of years ago, with a thicker atmosphere, rivers and oceans. Much of the planet's water is believed to have evaporated into space, but some remains locked in the polar icecaps and possibly in pockets underground. The new research is based on an analysis of spectral data from the American space agency Nasa's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter spacecraft. Will humans ever visit the Red Planet? Breaking down reflected light into its different wavelengths provides a chemical "fingerprint" of what a substance is made of. The Mars scientists devised a new method that allowed chemical signatures to be extracted from individual image pixels, providing a much higher level of resolution than had been achieved before. At four locations, Palikir Crater, Horowitz Crater, Hale Crater, and Coprates Chasma - a huge Martian canyon - they found evidence of RSL salt deposits. The most common salts were magnesium perchlorate, magnesium chlorate and sodium perchlorate, all of which are consistent with flowing briny water. NASA Earth and the Moon, as seen from the surface of Mars Just where the water has come from still remains an unsolved mystery. Theories include the melting of near-surface ice, absorption from the thin Martian atmosphere, and seasonal discharges from local aquifers, layers of water-bearing rock. "It is conceivable that RSL are forming in different parts of Mars through different formation mechanisms," said the scientists. NASA/Reuters The Curiosity Rover is on a mission to find water - and life Dr Joe Michalski, a Mars expert at London's Natural History Museum London, said: "These results provide strong evidence that salty water occasionally flows on the Martian surface, even today. "We know from the study of extremophiles on Earth that life can not only survive, but thrive in conditions that are hyperarid, very saline or otherwise 'extreme' in comparison to what is habitable to a human. In fact, on Earth, wherever we find water, we find life. "This finding is yet another example of water on Mars, but a hugely important one because it points to environments that could potentially be habitable to certain kinds of bacteria, even today." Poll loading …
Taxation Q Interest rates are going to go down. And all my fixed deposits will be maturing next year. I will have to renew my fixed deposits next year at lower rate of interest. What is the way out? A Interest rates keep fluctuating due to various micro- and macro- economic factors. There is never an ideal rate of interest. In a high inter... Q If I put Rs 2 lakh in PPF, how much tax rebate I will get? A As per the existing guidelines and rules a person cannot deposit more than 1.5 lacs in one PPF account. However you can deposit money in the... Q I want to buy online term life insuance plan. Which is the best one? Should I go for single premium or regular premium policy? A Single premium term insurance policies don?t make much sense. Why pay such a large amount at one go when you have the option of paying in sm... Q I want to invest some money with at least ten years view. I dont want share market risk. Can I invest in NSC? Is there any other investment option? A NSC or National Savings Certificate is a safe investment scheme offered by the Central Government. It is an ideal option for investors with ... Q Is it a good idea to invest in asset allocation funds? if yes, please suggest some good fund to invest money. I am 35 years old and can invest Rs 10000 per month. A Asset Allocation Funds are for those investors who want to take an exposure into different asset classes but do not wish to create their own... Q My CA says that I have to pay tax on interest accrued on my FD of Rs 20 lakh. I have submitted form 15H in all banks. Is it necessary to pay tax in this case? A In case of interest on fixed deposits which is taxable under the head ?Income from other Sources? a taxpayer has two choices. Either you can... Q Please suggest a good investment option of land in South India. I want to buy a land parcel of around 2 acres. A If you take a look at the South Indian real estate market, Bangalore has emerged as a clear winner. Due to the strong presence of IT/ITeS an... Q I want to invest Rs 20000 per month. I have identified Reliance Small Cap Fund and DSPBR Micro cap fund for investment. I can hold to investments for two years. Is it a good idea to invest in these schemes? How much returns I will be getting? A If you are an aggressive investor, you can consider investing in either of the 2 funds.DSPBR Micro Cap My suggestion is that if you are inve... Q I want to save my money for retirment Please suggest a good insurance policy A For retirement it is advisable to use multiple investment instruments and not just life insurance policies. If you have 15 years or so for r... Q IS IT a Good time to invest in GOLD ? A Currently the outlook for gold is bearish/negative. However if you are planning for a long-term investment in gold it is ideal to invest the... Q I have retired from my job in November. I have got Rs 48 lakh from my employers, by way of epf, gratuity and other benefits. Should i invest in senior citizen scheme of LIC? How about pension plans from LIC? A 1. You can invest Post office Senior Citizen Scheme. 2. You also should invest lumpsome in MIP in post office and get monthly interest. 3. K... Q I want to save Rs 1 crore for my retirement when i turn 60. Now I am 42 years old and have fixed deposits worth Rs 18 lakh.What should I do to reach Rs 1 cr mark? A start investing a minimum 5000 per month in mutual fund and increase 10% to 20% every year.... Q I want to save on my utility bills and fuel expenses.Please suggest a good credit card for me. A Yes, you will be able to save on Utility bills and fuel expenses through the cash back schemes offered by some of the credit card companies.... Q I am 36 years old and work in private company. so how can I manage my retirement planning... A Start with how much you would need monthly today, inflate the numbers and we can work on a corpus and then work on investing monthly towards... Q Suggest couple of equity mutual funds for me. I am keen to invest Rs 25000 per month for next couple of years. I can remain invested for at least five years? A Asset Allocation Funds are for those investors who want to take an exposure into different asset classes but do not wish to create their own... Q I am a senior citizen.I received interest of Rs .1,70,000/- on FD.I have duly filled 15G form.I have NO other source of income.Have I to pay Income tax on this interest or can it be excempted? A Sir, please note if you are less than 80 years but more than 60 years of age, your total income upto Rs 3,00,000 is exempt from tax, you are... Q Please suggest a good money back policy for me. I am 27 years old and want to accumulate Rs 10lakh over 10 years. A If you are a fan of traditional money back policies, go in for the LIC New Money Back Policy of 20 or 25 years. I would suggest you go in fo... Q I want to buy a life insurance for my brother Please suggest a good policy. He is 19 years old. he should get Rs 5 lakh when he turns 25 years. A Best to go in for a ULIP in case he is looking to grow the money also. Go in for a ULIP like HDFC Click 2 Invest which is very low on charge... Q In 2013, I bought an Endowment policy from LIC. Premium for that is around 35K per year. Now i understand, this was a big mistake and i want to go for a term insurance policy. I have already paid two premiums in 2013 and 2014 and I want to make this policy paid-up. Can i pay one more premium this year and make that endowment policy paid-up ? Or is there any better alternative ? Please suggest. A Yes, you can convert to a paid-up policy after 3 years premiums have been paid. I would recommend that you surrender the plan and take back ... Q Is zero depreciation cover a good option under auto insurance? I have plans to buy honda city in January A Zero depreciation is a good option to along with the standard car insurance plan. By paying a slightly increased premium you can ensure that... Sign in
What to Watch: Lululemon, Zumiez Set to Report Earnings; Latest Jobless Claims Written by: U-Jin Lee 09/09/15 - 8:15 PM EDT Tickers in this article: LULU ZUMZ  NEW YORK ( TheStreet ) -- On Thursday , TheStreet will cover two major retailers set to release their latest financial results. Before the market opens, Lululemon Athletica reports, and then after the market closes, retailer of action sports-related apparel, footwear, equipment and accessories Zumiez comes out with its latest quarterly numbers. Many investors will be focusing on Lululemon . For the second quarter of fiscal 2015, analysts are expecting the yoga apparel company to earn $0.33 a share on revenue of $445.76 million. The company has been focusing on new store openings and new product categories . In the first quarter, the company performed well in the men's segment and in the ivivva business , which is a yoga line for children. The latest quarter will show if the company did well in those categories. On the economic calendar, there are a few things to highlight. The jobless claims report comes out at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. Economists are expecting numbers to be around 275,000, which is slightly down from the week before. At the same time, the import and export prices will be released. These prices indicate inflationary trends in internationally traded products. Economists say that lower oil and commodity prices are expected to put pressure on import and export prices, as well. The U.S. Energy Information Administration provides weekly information on oil inventories in the U.S.
SYDNEY, Sept 28 A decision by Australia's biggest tech company, Atlassian, to pursue a $3 billion listing in the United States is a blow to Australia's ambitions to make technology a driver of the economy, a tech executive said on Monday. Atlassian's defection comes just weeks after the elevation of tech-savvy Malcolm Turnbull as prime minister was cheered by the business community, particularly funding-starved startups that are hoping for a more amenable investment climate. Atlassian, the company behind project management software JIRA and team communication app HipChat, filed an IPO prospectus in the United States late Friday. It has hired Goldman Sachs Group and Morgan Stanley to work on the offering. "The best thing Atlassian could have done for the local sector would have been to list in Australia," said Matt Barrie, chief executive of jobs website Freelancer, which listed on the ASX in 2013, citing the need for major players to build a local market. Atlassian co-directors Mike Cannon-Brookes and Scott Farquhar, who founded the company in 2002 using credit card debt, declined to comment on Monday. Both have previously cited the maturity of the U.S. markets as a reason to list offshore. Turnbull's office did not immediately reply to a request for comment. The Australian tech startup sector has the potential to contribute A$109 billion ($78 billion), or 4 percent of GDP - up from just 0.1 percent currently - and 540,000 jobs by 2033, according to a PriceWaterhouseCoopers report. But fewer than 5 percent of Australian startups currently grow into sustainable, global businesses, according to Deloitte research, largely to due funding issues. "One thing we don't do a good enough job at, and I think the ASX can do better here, is promoting the stock exchange as a means of financing start-ups, or second, third-round money for start-ups," Turnbull told business leaders last week. Momentum has been gradually building on the ASX with a stream of backdoor listings by startups using the shells of failed mining minnows, including security specialists Covata and YPB. But the Atlassian IPO will set a new record for an Australian technology business, overshadowing accounting software group MYOB's A$2 billion float on the ASX in May. Some in the industry believe an Atlassian listing, regardless of location, will spark interest in Australian startups. Others bemoan the lack of local funding. "There's a real gap in funding, in the so-called Valley of Death, between early-stage money and the larger Series A funding and government support," said Sebastien Eckersley-Maslin, the founder of startup accelerator programme Blue Chilli. (Editing by Stephen Coates)
PUNE, India , September 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market research report  "Personal Cloud Market   by Revenue Type (Direct Revenue and Indirect Revenue), User Type (Individual, Small Business and Medium Business), Hosting Type (Providers ' Premises and Users ' Premises), & by Region - Global Forecast to 2020" , published by MarketsandMarkets, Personal Cloud Market to grow from USD 12,020.0 Million in 2015 to USD 80,020.0 Million by 2020 at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 46.1%. Browse 67 market data Tables and 57 F igures spread through 158 P ages and in-depth TOC on   " Personal Cloud Market - Global Forecast to 2020 "  http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/personal-cloud-market-821.html  Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report.   The market report defines and segments the Personal Cloud Market into various sub-segments with an in-depth analysis and forecasting of market sizes. The report also defines the driving factors for the market, restraints, and opportunities along with the current trend adoption in this market. Get Free Sample pages @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsample.asp?id=821  The Personal Cloud Market is expected to grow progressively due to the e technological advancements in this sector. Personal cloud applications have been widely adoption among small and medium enterprises in various industry verticals. These enterprises demand personal cloud solutions and services to store, sync, and share documents, files, and photos. Personal cloud offers storage space setup in the user's home as well as at a data center of the service provider and can be accessed with the help of the internet. This helps users view and stream these documents from internet connected devices such as smartphones, laptops, and tablets. The rise in the demand for solutions that can provide real-time access to employees while keeping their documents secure is also encouraging organizations to implement personal cloud services within their businesses. The increase in the number of organizations with offices in different places, having employees located at various locations and requiring real-time access has encouraged personal cloud service vendors to offer various personal cloud offerings including applications, technologies, and devices.  With the changing scenario, enterprises are demanding advanced solutions so that market expansions can be undertaken, along with an increase in profit margins. The development of personal cloud applications by application developers at a low cost is driving the market for personal cloud. Digital contingency and disaster recovery planning and the increasing data generation activities are also driving the Personal Cloud Market across all regions. The Personal Cloud Market consists of major players such as Amazon, Apple, Google, Seagate, Box, Microsoft, Dropbox, Engyte, Buffalo Technology, and Sygarsync. MarketsandMarkets broadly segments the Personal Cloud Market by region as North America , Europe , Asia-Pacific (APAC), Middle East & Africa (MEA), and Latin America ; by revenue as direct revenue and indirect revenue; by user type as individuals, small enterprises, and medium enterprises; by hosting type as hosted from providers' premises and hosted from users' premises. MarketsandMarkets forecasts the Personal Cloud Market to grow from USD 12,020.0 Million in 2015 to USD 80,020.0 Million by 2020 at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 46.1%. North America is expected to be the largest market in terms of market size, while Europe and Asia-Pacific are expected to experience an increase in market traction during the forecast period. Browse Related Reports   Cloud Storage Market by Solution (Primary Storage Solution, Backup Storage Solution, Cloud Storage Gateway Solution, and Data Movement and Access Solution) - Global Forecast and Analysis to 2020 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/cloud-storage-market-902.html  Cloud Billing Market by Type (Embedded, Subscription, Metered, Convergent, Cloud Service Billing, Professional Services, and others), Service Provider (Cloud, Communication and Network Operator, and MSP) - Global Forecast (2015 - 2020) http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/cloud-billing-market-1022.html  About MarketsandMarkets   MarketsandMarkets is world's No. 2 firm in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact:  Mr.   Rohan  Markets and Markets UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ Magarpatta city, Hadapsar Pune , Maharashtra 411013, India  1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com  Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @  http://www.marketsandmarketsblog.com/market-reports/telecom-it  Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets     SOURCE MarketsandMarkets
BENGALURU: Homegrown e-commerce giant Flipkart has announced the second edition of "Big Billion Sale," to be held between October 13 and 17.  An app-only shopping event, Big Billion Days, will offer exciting offers and unbeatable discounts across 70+ product categories for customers to shop from, the company said.  Celebrating the start of festive season, Big Billion Days will be the ultimate shopping event for customers to shop for gifts and other items for friends and family, it said.  Stating that customers can shop across a range of categories during the five-day long shopping festival, Flipkart said Myntra will also be a part of Big Billion Days and will be presenting a curated selection from iconic fashion brands at never-before offers.  Flipkart had last year apologized for the glitches encountered during the 'Big Billion Day' sale, admitting its "failure" in living upto the expectations of its customers.  "India shops the most during this time of the year. With over 75% of traffic coming via mobile, we expect this app only sale to be the biggest shopping event of the year. Bigger and better as compared to last year, we have worked towards ensuring a seamless shopping experience for our customers," Flipkart head of commerce Mukesh Bansal said.  Pointing out that the company has ramped up its technology and supply chain support to ensure all our 50 million customers have the best ever mobile shopping experience, he said "Infact, to cater to the massive customer demand; we have opened new fulfillment centers across the country to guarantee efficient delivery."  "Considering the sale will feature fantastic deals across millions of products in all categories from over 40,000 sellers, our aim is to give our consumers nothing less than 5 days to shop to their hearts content," he added.  The company has also roped in its partner banks to give Flipkart customers exclusive offers during 'Big Billion Days.'
Ofcom Launches Mobile Coverage Checker Stuart Griffiths, CEO of True Telecom commented, True Telecom offers to customers fantastic value 4G data deals, so we find Ofcoms Mobile Coverage Checker a fantastic way of promoting competition between mobile operators. Dartford, United Kingdom, August 29, 2015 --( PR.com )-- Last week communications regulator Ofcom launched a brand new online tool to allow people to check their operator’s mobile phone coverage. Ofcom’s Mobile Coverage Checker offers a simple solution for consumers and businesses across the UK to find out the quality of the mobile coverage in whichever area they choose. Users can zoom into the map to a specific location or enter a place name or postcode, to receive data on the coverage for each mobile network. The map uses data provided by EE, O2, Three and Vodafone. All other mobile operators in the country provide their services over one of these networks, as these are the four main network operators in the UK. A True Telecom SIM provides mobile data over the Vodafone network; this means that customers are able to check their coverage on the map with ease. Recently True Telecom launched a range of 4G SIM only plans, ideal for customers who might want to keep their existing phone but add a bundle of 4G data, minutes and texts. Unlike many competitor deals available on the high street, each True Telecom tariff comes with 4G as standard, ensuring that customers receive the best network service available to them anytime, anywhere. Stuart Griffiths, CEO of True Telecom commented. “True Telecom offers to customer’s fantastic value 4G data deals, so we find Ofcom’s Mobile Coverage Checker a fantastic way of promoting competition between mobile operators.” Ofcom is inviting users to check their coverage experience and leave feedback, which will help refine and improve the tool. Find out the mobile coverage in your area: www.ofcom.org.uk/mobile-coverage?utm_source=updates&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=mobile-coverage-checker-launch Find out more about True Telecom SIM only tariffs: www.true-telecom.com/mobile-and-tablets
New Walmart Neighborhood Market located at 200 Wake Village Road Wake Village Walmart creates about 95 new jobs Store open 24 hours a day, seven days a week Grand opening event Wednesday, Sept. 9, 7:30 a.m. Local Facebook page: www.facebook.com/walmart4373  WAKE VILLAGE, Texas, Sept. 9, 2015 - The new Walmart Neighborhood Market in Wake Village will open to the community Wednesday, Sept. 9, bringing a broad assortment of fresh, affordable groceries at Walmart's everyday low prices. Customers will also enjoy the convenience of on-site services such as a full pharmacy and fuel station and a free store pickup service providing an easy way to shop millions of products on Walmart.com. The new store will employ up to 95 full- and part-time associates.  "We are proud to be a part of the Wake Village community," said store manager John Hardaway. "Our aim is to not only provide our customers with their everyday merchandise, but to become a part of their daily routine that they look forward to."  Fresh, Affordable Produce, Meat and Groceries The store offers fresh produce and meat, pantry staples and a full line of groceries from leading brands.  In addition to organics and nutritious food choices, customers will also find a full-service deli and in-store bakery offering custom cakes and fresh baked breads. Customers will be able to find local T J Blackburn Syrup Works.  Full Service Pharmacy The Neighborhood Market includes a pharmacy with a full range of products, immunizations and services and Walmart pharmacists ready to assist customers with product and prescription questions. Wake Village residents can easily transfer prescriptions and order refills on the go with the Walmart mobile app. A drive thru pharmacy window makes prescription drop off and pick up quick and easy.  Millions of Items with Seamless Digital and In-Store Shopping The store is approximately 41,000 square feet and offers a wide assortment of products to meet the needs of Wake Village residents. Customers will find health and beauty aids, pet products and cleaning supplies. Shopping is more convenient than ever as Wake Village residents can shop seven million items on Walmart.com, many of which can be shipped for free to any Walmart store through Walmart Pickup.  The Walmart mobile app for iPhone and Android makes shopping easier than ever. Customers can refill prescription medications, create shopping lists, search the location of items in their store, check weekly ads and prices, save eReceipts and shop Walmart.com through the app.  Job Opportunities at Walmart The store will employ up to 95 associates for full- and part-time positions within the store. Applicants interested in careers at Walmart can apply at a store's hiring kiosk or online at Walmartcareers.com .  At Walmart, more than 75 percent of store management teams started as hourly associates. In 2014, 160,000 associates are promoted, and 40 percent of those promotions go to associates within the first year of their employment. Earlier this year Walmart announced it would be making more than a $1B investment in higher wages and training and other enhancements for its associates.  Two Celebration Events: Grand Opening and A Big Family Welcome Local associates will provide a special welcome to members of Wake Village at two public events. Store associates will host a brief ribbon-cutting ceremony on grand opening day, Sept. 9, at 7:30 a.m. The following Saturday, Sept. 12, local residents are invited to A Big Family Welcome, which will give customers a chance to meet Hardaway and enjoy fun family activities and free food samples while supplies last. Join the celebration from noon to 3 p.m.  About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, we serve nearly 260 million customers who visit our 11,532 stores under 65 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2015 revenue of $486 billion, Walmart employs more than 2 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart . Online merchandise sales are available at http://www.walmart.com and http://www.samsclub.com .  FACT SHEET Wake Village Walmart Neighborhood Market  Store Facts Location: 200 Wake Village Road, Wake Village, Texas Size: Approximately 41,000 square feet Store manager: John Hardaway Hours: 24 hours a day, seven days a week Grand opening: Wednesday, Sept. 9, following a brief ribbon-cutting ceremony at 7:30 a.m.  Greater Convenience and More Ways to Shop: Free store pickup program: Customers can shop millions of items on Walmart.com with free shipping to the local store. Many items are available for pickup the same day. Walmart Mobile App: Customer can refill prescription medications, create shopping lists, search the location of items within the store, check weekly ads and prices, save eReceipts and shop Walmart.com. Fuel station: Customers paying with Walmart gift card receive discount of 3 cents per gallon, etc. Financial services Bluebird: A product by American Express that provides an alternative to traditional checking and debit accounts Access to starter kits for Green Dot's " GoBank " checking account services Money Transfers, Money Orders, and Express Bill Pay offered through MoneyGram Walmart Money Card offered through Green Dot Bill Payment offered through CheckFreePay Walmart2Walmart Money Transfers offered through RIA Gift Cards for use at any Walmart store or at Walmart.com.  For more information Media contact: John Engleman, Mitchell Communications Group, 479-305-1665 Walmart Media Relations, 800-331-0085 Walmart information online: www.corporate.walmart.com ; merchandise sales: www.walmart.com  ###
MOSCOW, Sept 9 Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrianian President Petro Poroshenko will along with the French and German leaders in Paris in early October to discuss peace efforts to resolve the Ukrainian conflict, Russian news agency RIA reported on Wednesday, citing France's Elysee Palace. (Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin, Editing by Angus MacSwan)
PHOENIX -- (BUSINESS WIRE) -- The Arizona Technology Council in conjunction with the Arizona Commerce Authority today announced that Michael Crow, President of Arizona State University (ASU), will be presented with the “ OneNeck IT Solutions People’s Choice Lifetime Achievement Award” during the 2015 Governor’s Celebration of Innovation Awards (GCOI) presented by Avnet, Inc.  Tickets are on sale now and can be purchased online at aztechcouncil.org.  In its twelfth year, GCOI will be held on November 12, 2015 at the Phoenix Convention Center, 100 North Third Street, in the West Building, third floor from 4:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m. The theme of this year’s GCOI is “Future Forward.” Every year the GCOI brings together over 1,000 of Arizona’s business leaders to celebrate the state’s technology innovation and leadership. The event will consist of a theatre-style awards program followed by desserts and live music. Before and after the awards will be a Technology Showcase including finalists, sponsors and partners.  “Michael Crow’s entire career has demonstrated a commitment to employing science and technology to drive positive social, economic, and environmental outcomes,” said Steven G. Zylstra , president and CEO of the Arizona Technology Council. “Arizonans everywhere can be proud that Crow’s leadership has transformed ASU into one of the nation’s leading metropolitan research universities and forever shaped our technology ecosystem.”  Lifetime Achievement Award winners are chosen by public vote. Crow joins an impressive list of honorees including Pat Sullivan, co-founder and CEO of Ryver in 2014, Eric and Tim Crown of Insight Enterprises in 2013, Gary Tooker, former CEO and chairman of Motorola, Inc. in 2012, Roy Vallee, retired chairman and CEO of Avnet, Inc. in 2011, Steve Sanghi, president, CEO and chairman, Microchip Technology in 2010, former Intel CEO and chairman, Craig Barrett in 2009, and renowned architect Paolo Soleri in 2008.  “The future of our state and our economy depend on producing the people, ideas and technology needed to solve problems and shape the kind of future that we want for Arizona,” Crow said. “I am grateful for this honor, which really recognizes the great strides we have made at ASU in creating an environment that encourages students from all walks of life to become highly adaptable master learners.”  Under Crow’s leadership, ASU redefined its mission to focus on providing access to education, delivering research and innovation with a positive impact in Arizona and around the world and fulfilling a responsibility to better the community in which the university is embedded. Enrollment has doubled, the graduation rate has nearly doubled and, in the past two years, only Harvard produced more Fulbrights than ASU.  ASU’s research enterprise has tripled under Crow to more than $425 million. In the last year alone, NASA awarded ASU a complete moon mission; an ASU researcher led development of the Ebola treatment that saved two American doctors; the world’s first white laser, the next step beyond LED lighting, emerged from an ASU lab; a jaw found by ASU anthropologists last year fundamentally changed our understanding of the earliest origins of man and the National Science Foundation made ASU one of only two institutions in the nation to lead two Engineering Research Centers – technology hubs charged with solving some of the world’s biggest problems.  The New York Times last month dubbed Barrett Honors College, at ASU, as the “gold standard” among honors colleges, and U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan has said that the Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College “raises the bar” for all other teacher preparation programs in the country.  This month (September), U.S. News & World Report declared ASU as the “Most Innovative School” in the nation.  Crow’s success in – and blueprint for – transforming higher education is chronicled in his book, with co-author William Dabars, “Designing the New American University.”  In addition to Crow’s impressive administrative career, Crow has long been an influential voice in science and technology policy. Crow served as an advisor to the Office of Technology Assessment at the U.S. Congress and was a Research Fellow on the Technology and Information Policy Program at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs. He also has served as an advisor to the U.S. Department of Energy.  “Under Michael Crow’s visionary leadership, Arizona State University has, time and again, forged institutional initiatives that render Arizona more economically competitive," said Sandra Watson , president and CEO of the Arizona Commerce Authority. “He’s a tireless champion of Arizona, and a fitting recipient of this lifetime achievement award.”  Individual and Corporate Innovator and Pioneer Award winners will also be honored at GCOI. This includes the Future Innovators awards given to Arizona students, the Arizona Teacher of the Year, the Tech Champion Awards given to Arizona legislators, and awards for the Arizona Senator of the Year and Arizona Representative of the Year.  About the Arizona Technology Council  The Arizona Technology Council is Arizona’s premier trade association for science and technology companies. Recognized as having a diverse professional business community, Council members work towards furthering the advancement of technology in Arizona through leadership, education, legislation and social action. The Arizona Technology Council offers numerous events, educational forums and business conferences that bring together leaders, managers, employees and visionaries to make an impact on the technology industry. These interactions contribute to the Council’s culture of growing member businesses and transforming technology in Arizona. To become a member or to learn more about the Arizona Technology Council, please visit www.aztechcouncil.org .  About the Arizona Commerce Authority  The Arizona Commerce Authority (ACA) is the state’s leading economic development organization with a streamlined mission to grow and strengthen Arizona’s economy. The ACA uses a three-pronged approach to advance the overall economy: recruit, grow, create – recruit out-of-state companies to expand their operations in Arizona; work with existing companies to grow their business in Arizona and beyond; and partner with entrepreneurs and companies large and small to create new jobs and businesses in targeted industries. Visit azcommerce.com for more.  About Avnet, Inc.  From components to cloud and design to disposal, Avnet, Inc. (NYSE: AVT ) accelerates the success of customers who build, sell and use technology globally by providing them with a comprehensive portfolio of innovative products, services and solutions. Avnet is a Fortune 500 company with global headquarters in Phoenix, AZ. For more information, visit www.avnet.com . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150928006285/en/ Copyright © Business Wire 2015
10 Worst-Paying College Degrees That Could Cost You Thousands in Missed Wages Written by: Laurie Kulikowski 09/10/15 - 1:27 PM EDT  NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Think that art history major is a good idea? Think again. The major ranks low on PayScale 's report on best- and worst-paying college degrees for future earning potential.  Since having a career that is both rewarding and financially stable often starts in the classroom, it's important to know that there are many popular college majors that may seem interesting and cater to passions but aren't worth what you pay to get them.  Working with children and helping others in the form of counseling are some of several fields of study can that are not likely to produce big salary windfalls, according to data from PayScale's annual College Salary Report More Headlines 10 Celebrities Who are Rich, Famous and Also Weed Smokers  PayScale's report, released last month, shows the best and worst bachelor's degrees by salary potential. PayScale is an online salary, benefits and compensation data company.  With school back in session -- for many that means picking a college major that will be the start of a successful career path. If making money is important to you, here are 10 college majors to avoid that have low earnings potential -- even 10 years into a career.  10. Biblical Studies Median Early Career Salary: $34,900 Median Mid-Career Salary: $47,100  What is it?  Majoring in Biblical studies means learning to examine the Bible. Biblical studies is a subset of theology studies.  What kind of job can I get with the degree?  Those who obtain degrees in Biblical studies go on to become church pastors, religious educators or professors, missionaries or religious counselors.  The outlook for becoming part of clergy is low, though. The projected percentage of annual growth in jobs from 2012 to 2022 is just 0.98%
InfoBox OFF Many families today accept some array of pet in their domiciliary and they are generally advised one of the family. They are a antecedent of enjoyment, amusement, accompaniment and love. Alotof animals advance in a ancestors and domiciliary environment.It is said that about bisected of all UK homes accept a pet and analysis has apparent that pets are acceptable for our health. One accessible bloom account is that of exercise. Whether it be walking a dog or arena (energetically!) with a cat it is a abundant way to accept fun and bake a few calories at the aforementioned time.Scientific analysis has apparent that acquaintance with animals can accept physiological and cerebral allowances which cover abbreviation stress, blurred claret burden and acceptable in accretion afterwards a life-threatening illness. This includes additional pets besides bodies and dogs, such as gerbils, rabbits, birds and fish.Pets can advance your affection and allay some of the affection of depression. For anyone who loves animals it is harder to break in a bad affection if you attending into a dog`s admiring eyes or if your cat is abrading adjoin you. Dogs and bodies assume to faculty if you are sad or down and will do things to brighten your mood. Just watching a pet antic about and play will lighten your mood.Studieshave apparent thatpet ownershipcan be a betterstabiliser ofblood pressurethan some drugs. ACE inhibiting drugs can about abate claret burden but they aren`t as able on authoritative spikes in claret burden due to accent and tension. It was begin that humans who had bodies or dogs were begin to accept lower claret burden and affection ante as those who didn`t accept pets .A pet will avoid off bareness and accommodate actual love. They can action you accompaniment and accord you something to authority and cuddle. You can acquaint them annihilation and your secrets will be safe. They are acceptable admirers and won`t adjudicator you; just adulation you.Studies accept apparent that if aged humans are visited by pets they feel beneath abandoned and isolated. Some humans acquainted beneath accent and bareness if getting visited by pets than if spending time with additional people. This is due to the actuality that a dog or cat won`t put any amusing burden on you, they will just sit and be a abundance to you.Yetmore analysis has adumbrated that searching afterwards a pet can advice a adolescent advance bigger amusing skills.Studies accept apparent that accouchement amid bearing and six who had a pet in their home accept bigger amusing skills, bigger speech, co-ordination, aplomb and are beneath acceptable to ache allergies. pets can be a account in the abode also. Analysis has apparent that they can enhance plan productivity. The analysis aswell showed that businesses that had a pet created a added advantageous ambiance and bigger concrete and affecting health.A pet can accord you actual adulation and support. pets don`t allocution aback or argue. They won`t allocution abaft your aback or leave you for anyone else. pets generally anatomy able bonds with their owners and will be loyal to the end. They can advice calm a being down byitself after the use of medication. Just by cuddle an beastly or arena you can abate astriction and calm your nerves.There are abundant bloom allowances of accepting a dog or cat as a pet. pets may alsohelp to body advantageous allowed systems. Studies accept apparent that kids accept a lower accident of accepting pet allergies if there is already a pet in their family. A dog or cat can infact advice the animal physique body a convalescent allowed system.
Cumberland County Schools Leverage Vidyo Technology to Maximize Student Achievement The Global Communications Network, a part of Cumberland County Schools initiative, leveraged Vidyos software-based video conferencing technology that enables high school students to virtually enroll in Advanced Placement (AP), honors and credit recovery classes and connects teachers and administrators across the school system for real-time face-to-face meetings, trainings and office hours. Learn more about distance learning: http://www.vidyo.com/solutions/distance-learning/ Hackensack, NJ, August 30, 2015 --( PR.com )-- As classes resume across Cumberland County this week students, teachers and administrators will have increased access to advanced curriculums, training and collaboration tools with the growth of Cumberland County Schools (CCS) Global Communications Network. The Global Communications Network, a platform leveraging Vidyo’s software-based video conferencing technology, enables high school students to virtually enroll in Advanced Placement (AP), honors and credit recovery classes and connects teachers and administrators across the school system for real-time face-to-face meetings, trainings and office hours. The Global Communications Network is a part of CCS’ broader initiative, Quest for Student Success. With Vidyo’s software-based HD video collaboration technology, CCS can leverage existing equipment and networks to collaborate at scale efficiently and cost effectively. More than 200 high school students in 15 Cumberland County high schools use Vidyo to enroll and participate in classes offered through the Global Communications Network. “One of our primary goals in implementing the distance learning model was to ensure students across the system had the equal opportunity to access the best curriculum available and to create a consistent learning experience at every school,” said Kevin Coleman, Executive Director of Technology, Cumberland County Schools. “The ability to scale without blowing the budget with Vidyo’s technology is key to our ability to expand deployment of the Global Communications Network to include middle schools, virtual visits from international faculty and other distance learning applications.” CCS faculty and administrators also utilize the Global Communications Network to connect with peers across the school system. Video conferencing technology is used for teacher training, consultations with education specialists and leadership meetings in which principals from Cumberland’s 85 schools can be seen at one time using a VidyoPanorama™ room system. “Vidyo’s technology is driving a shift within education systems which are recognizing the value of video collaboration through its ability to enhance curriculums and expand access to resources, benefitting both students and educators, ” said Eran Westman, CEO, Vidyo. “The Cumberland County School System is an exceptional model of how educators can leverage video conferencing technology to deploy virtual learning programs in the K-12 setting and Vidyo is thrilled to be a leading enabler of virtual learning capabilities to North Carolina.”
Carey Mulligan confirms she's welcomed baby daughter 13th Oct 2015 2:00 PM Cars For Sale  CAREY Mulligan has confirmed she's given birth to a girl.  The 30-year-old actress - whose pregnancy was announced in April - has revealed she and her husband Marcus Mumford welcomed a little daughter into the world three weeks ago after speculation about their new bundle of joy's arrival began to surface at the end of last week.  She said on 'The Graham Norton Show': "It's a girl."  The British star made her first public appearance since giving birth at the BFI London Film Festival last Wednesday (07.10.15) to promote her new film 'Suffragette' with co-star Meryl Streep, director Sarah Gavron, screenwriter Abi Morgan and producers Alison Owen and Faye Ward.  Though she didn't comment on changes in her personal life, the private star spoke of how she feels her new film - about the women's suffrage movement of the late 19th and early 20th century - feels relevant to modern society.  She said during the press conference: "What I love about this film is it didn't feel like a documentary about a time; it felt like a film about today.  "It is a film to mark the achievements of what these women did and what they gave us but also to highlight where we are in the world. We still live in a society that is sexist and that goes throughout history." bang showbiz
Published: Monday, September 28, 2015, 15:37 [IST] Facebook Twitter Google+ Comments Mail  Expectations are running high among India Inc from the Reserve Bank of India to be more accommodative and cut benchmark interest rate between 25-50 basis points when it reviews the Repo on September 29, in the wake of continued deflation on WPI for the tenth month in a row, an industry mood assessment by ASSOCHAM has noted.  The inflation based on the Consumer Price Index (CPI) was also at a record low of 3.66 per cent in August- over two percentage points lower than the RBI's January 2016 target.  "At the same time, the growth in several interest sensitive sectors like real estate, construction, automobile, consumer durables and non-durables has been sub-optimal, crying for a build up of a market demand," the chamber survey report said.  Continuing its deflationary trend, which shows how the pricing power with the manufacturers has been curtailed, the WPI inflation plunged to a historic low minus 4.95 per cent in August, though helped by the cheaper global commodity rates.  With the exception of pulses, onion and a few vegetables prices of other food items have remained benign, reflecting squeezing of the consumer demand that in turn discourages investment in various sectors of the economy.  "Cut in interest rates is required to act as a demand push at the consumer level while at the same time, to help revive investment cycle, particularly in the private sector.  The trouble has been aggravated by a high level of debt in the private sector which makes it onerous for the companies to service the debt. Rather than a small cut, at least a 50 bps reduction in Repo with a clear message to the banks to pass on the same, should be pushed," ASSOCHAM Secretary General Mr D S Rawat said.  Industrial production decreased 0.4 percent in August after increasing 0.9 per cent in July. "Thus there is a strong case for a rate cut," the chamber said.  It said the RBI has been rather conservative and remained too much focused on inflation while growth in the industrial production, infrastructure and services is required for a real push to economy.  "The other area, which is highly job oriented is the merchandise export sector which remains in a shambles. The exporters must also be supported by a lower interest rate regime. As it is, the ASSOCHAM does not expect the exports to go beyond USD 268 billion in the current fiscal as against USD 310 billion.  GoodReturns.in
"Shaandaar" alongside Alia   Clinton 'shouldn't
SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US © 2015 Cox Media Group . By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy , and understand your options regarding Ad Choices . Learn about careers at Cox Media Group . Esquire's Sexiest Woman Alive is the sultry Emilia Clarke FILE - In this Jan. 12, 2014 file photo, actress Emilia Clarke arrives at the 71st annual Golden Globe Awards in Beverly Hills, Calif. The 28-year-old Clarke, who plays menacing, white-haired Daenerys Targaryen, aka Khaleesi, aka Mother of Dragons on "Game of Thrones," is Esquire's Sexiest Woman Alive. The magazine made the announcement early Tuesday, Oct. 13. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File) Most Read  Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *}  Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *}  Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy . {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy . {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy . {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing...  We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your profile.  If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering!  We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.  Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password  Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *}
Innovation is the foundation for sustained growth. This is true both for companies and for nations. Being better at innovation is critical for Australia to ensure our national prosperity in the modern era. In today’s high cost and highly competitive markets, good companies will always seek efficiency and productivity gains through incremental innovations — for example, process improvements and adoption of best practices. But at the same time, they must also drive up market relevance and value for money for high-cost products, by seeking out value-creating innovations using science, technology, design, art and reverse hermeneutics — productivity defined as doing smarter things in smarter ways. Yet most innovation activities are focused on incremental improvements. Only about $1 out of every $7 spent on R&D by firms across the globe is directed at radical or ‘break-through’ innovations. Given the ever-increasing rate of technological development, this balance is not sustainable. Most chief executives say they want to shift towards backing riskier initiatives. This is easier said than done. Most firms lack the necessary capabilities in-house. They need to reach outside their comfort zones, to cooperate more closely with others in the innovation ecosystem -- universities, individuals and government research organisations -- to develop a pipeline of high real option value innovation projects; improve execution of these projects to hasten both time-to-market and time-to-full-cost-recovery; and maximise the net present value of the innovation when brought to market. Unfortunately, Australia is currently not very good at this kind of cooperation. The Australian Council of Learned Academies report published last month, Australia’s Comparative Advantage, provides a wealth of insights into the current state of innovation in Australia and what needs to be done to improve it. Australia ranked 17th of 143 countries (49 of which, including Australia, were classified as high-income) on the 2014 Global Innovation Index, but only 81st for innovation efficiency. The challenge for Australia in improving the success of its innovation framework to deliver greater prosperity boils down to a few main issues. The first is a mismatch in the present innovation system between the producers of new knowledge, and the potential users of this new knowledge to convert it to prosperity. We have too much knowledge being produced in the system (by universities, for example) as compared to the current capacity of Australian businesses to absorb and use it. There is also a mismatch between the qualitative nature of what is being produced, compared to what has the potential to actually be used. This mismatch is exacerbated by the very low degree of connectedness in the innovation system. This is probably one of the key explanations for Australia’s very low innovation efficiency ranking. There is lots of effort to produce new knowledge, but the knowledge leads to little commercial output. The second big issue for Australia is low and declining economic complexity, which is a precursor to national prosperity. The kind of economic complexity needed to jump-start Australian national prosperity requires three things: a broad portfolio of products and services with export potential; a high degree of Australian uniqueness across these products and services (i.e. few or preferably no other countries can also produce them); and that the products and services are all complex in their own right, requiring many different inputs, ideally from Australian suppliers. A country's economic complexity is a function of its diversity of technical expertise, specialised capital equipment, and its specialised relationships, processes, systems, information and knowledge. All of this contributes to higher efficiency and effectiveness, as well as increased productivity of both labour and capital that make use of all this. It is reflected in the structure that emerges for holding and combining all these resources. Continuous development of this structure allows for increased absorption, diffusion and utilisation of all these resources, which in turn leads to increased specialisation, increasing the ability to absorb, distribute and deploy the result of this increased specialisation in a virtuous circle. Advanced economies thrive in an environment of mutual dependence that requires cooperation between different actors. There is a strong correlation between the level and extent of cooperation in a national innovation ecosystem, and growing economic complexity and thus prosperity. This model provides a basis of national competitive advantage that differs from normal price-based competition. Countries like Germany, Japan, Switzerland and Sweden have been able to prosper by leveraging unique competitive advantages built on carefully fostered national strengths. Australia can prosper from a similar approach. Göran Roos is an academic and innovation policy specialist, and is a speaker at the ADC Forum’s Future Summit 2015, taking place in Melbourne on September 28-29.
MILWAUKEE, Sept 28 The U.S. Federal Reserve would need to deliver more stimulus "if things were to weaken very much," Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said on Monday, noting the economy could also surprisingly strengthen. Responding to audience questions at Marquette University, Evans said additional bond purchases, known as quantitative easing, are an option if more monetary stimulus is needed. "We need to consider those Plan Bs," he said, noting the global environment continues to be challenging. (Reporting by Jonathan Spicer ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Blue streaks on a red planet Water on Mars Tweet  ASTRONOMERS are fairly sure that Mars was once wet. There is plenty of evidence—from dried-up river valleys to the presence of chemicals that need water to form—to suggest this. Modern Mars, though, is a freezing desert. In the 4.5 billion years since the planet came into existence, a sizeable chunk of its water has boiled away into space, another chunk is thought to have seeped deep into its interior, and what little remains on or near the surface has frozen solid. That is depressing for those who seek Martians, even bacterial ones, for most biologists agree that liquid water is a sine qua non of life.  Some researchers, though, think Mars is not entirely dry. Over the past few years evidence has accumulated that water still trickles over its surface from time to time. And a paper just published in Nature Geoscience by Lujendra Ojha of the Georgia Institute of Technology and his colleagues offers the most convincing proof yet. Related topics Science and technology  In 2011 Mr Ojha, then a student at the University of Arizona, spotted dark streaks on the walls of certain Martian craters that had been photographed from orbit by a satellite called Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter . These, he noticed, seemed to wax and wane with the Martian seasons—darkening in summer and fading in winter. Though he cautiously dubbed the streaks “recurrent slope lineae”, or RSLs, rather than giving them a name that included the “w” word or anything connected with it, he nevertheless suspected that water was their cause.  The surface temperature on Mars does not rise above the freezing point of pure water, but Mr Ojha suspected that chemicals in the regolith (the crushed rock that passes for soil on Mars) act as antifreeze, depressing the freezing point of brine containing them to one which, at least in summer, permits that brine to stay liquid. The summer darkening of the RSLs, he thought, was caused by such brine flowing. The winter lightening, conversely, was caused by it freezing again. Rough-and-ready modelling suggested the streaks were growing and fading at approximately the right rate for this hypothesis to be correct.  Mr Ojha’s latest paper examines the question in detail. He and his colleagues used spectroscopy to examine RSLs in four different parts of Mars. This technique permits researchers to determine a substance’s composition from the light it reflects. The results suggest the streaks contain compounds (specifically, magnesium perchlorate, magnesium chlorate and sodium perchlorate) that are excellent antifreezes, and would be able to lower water’s melting point by more than 70°C. That would be enough for ice containing them to melt in the Martian summer. Moreover, all of these substances form by the action of water on other minerals, bolstering the case that the RSLs are intermittent streams.  Mr Ojha is careful to point out that he has not detected water directly, and that even what he has detected is at the limits of what Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter can accomplish. But the presence of compounds that need water to form, as well as acting as antifreezes, is powerful indirect evidence. The case for there being liquid water—or, at least, brine—on modern Mars has thus become stronger.  Details remain to be worked out, including where the water in question originates. Possibly, it derives from subsurface ice. Or it might condense out of Mars’s thin, dry atmosphere. Wherever it does come from, though, the amounts in question are modest in the extreme. But even modest amounts of water are intriguing to biologists. If Martians evolved during their planet’s earlier, wetter phase, the continued presence of water means it is just about possible that a few especially hardy types have survived until the present day—clinging on in dwindling pockets of dampness in the way that some “extremophile” bacteria on Earth are able to live in cold, salty and arid environments.  Looking for Martians will be harder than looking for water, for spotting bacteria from orbit is beyond the capabilities of any space probe that engineers know how to build, and even analysing samples on the surface is fraught with difficulty. But, buoyed by the success of Curiosity, a car-sized rover that has been trundling over the Martian surface since 2012, NASA is planning a follow-up mission, which should arrive in 2020. Expect some RSLs to be top of the list for scrutiny.
The Tamil dubbed version of Anushka Shetty-starrer historical drama 'Rudhramadevi', a stereoscopic 3D film, will release a week after it releases in Telugu and Hindi. 'Rudhramadevi' will hit the screens worldwide in Telugu and Hindi on Friday. "The Tamil version will release on October 16. The film's Tamil producers Thenandal Films released Vijay-starrer 'Puli' last week and hence have pushed the release of 'Rudhramadevi' by a week as they feel both the films will eat into their box office returns," said a source from the film's unit. Thenandal Films has confirmed via their Twitter page that the Tamil version of 'Rudhramadevi' will release on October 16. Directed by Gunasekar, the film chronicles the life of queen Rudhramadevi, one of the last rulers of Kakatiya dynasty. The film, said to be made on a budget of Rs.80 crore, features an ensemble cast of Prakash Raj, Allu Arjun, Rana Daggubati, Krishnam Raj and Vikramjeet Virk in important roles.
Submitted by admin on 9/29/2015 @ 8:00 AM   Brocade  SAN JOSE, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/29/15 -- Brocade (NASDAQ: BRCD) today introduced its Open Mobility Solutions Program designed to assure customers that their current, and future, wireless networks will perform well when running on a Brocade® wired network infrastructure. This program addresses the need for advanced future-proof capabilities to support growth and new technologies, such as Software-Defined Networking (SDN), while offering customers a unified wired and wireless experience through strategic partnerships with leading wireless network vendors.  To address advances in wireless technology that have pushed wired networks to their limit -- such as increased speeds and the increased number of devices supported by each access point -- Brocade campus networking solutions provide a best-in-class foundation for wireless networks. Based on open standards technology, Brocade wired networking solutions are designed to interoperate smoothly with whatever wireless network technology customers decide to purchase in the future. To help ensure compatibility, Brocade has recently completed third-party certification testing with the leading wireless network vendors, including Aerohive, Aruba, and Ruckus.  A key tenet of the Open Mobility Solutions Program is to provide customers with a consistent management and user experience across wired and wireless environments. To achieve this, Brocade has collaborated with best-in-class wireless partners to integrate the Brocade ICX® switches with their solutions. Not only are the joint solutions tested to ensure interoperability, but integration between Brocade products and wireless products allows customers to unify the management and security of their wired and wireless networks. In addition, unified technical support provides a single point of contact for questions or problem resolution.  "The Brocade Open Mobility Solutions Program was created to deliver a best-in-class wired foundation for wireless networks and to optimize customers' campus network environments," said Jason Nolet, senior vice president of the Switching, Routing, and Analytics Products Group at Brocade. "Brocade pioneered this approach with Aruba Networks based on an open and interoperable framework, and our Open Mobility Solutions Program is now ready to expand to a broader set of partners. We are pleased to announce that Aerohive and Ruckus are joining our program in recognition that together we can provide unique added value to our customers -- a combined solution with a consistent experience across the wired and wireless networks."  By working closely with Aerohive, Aruba, and Ruckus, Brocade delivers a unified customer experience through: Joint engineering to provide solutions such as management tools and security policies for wired/wireless networks, delivering operational simplicity and a consistent user experience. The solutions Brocade offers with its partners are as tightly integrated as those from any single-vendor offering, without the vendor lock-in. Flexible financing with Brocade Network Subscription for wireless networks and Brocade wired networks maximizes budget flexibility and procurement simplicity . Unified technical support with Brocade wireless partners enables faster time to recovery and eliminates the finger-pointing associated with many multivendor solutions.  Supporting Quotes Bill Hoppin, Vice President of Business Development, Aerohive - "Cloud networking has the power to transform how our customers serve their customers. Aerohive teamed up with Brocade to bring complete and integrated cloud networking to a wired and wireless solution that is high-performance, easy to manage, and as dynamic as the customers we serve. Great Wi-Fi from Aerohive and best-in-class switches from Brocade work together in a simple, scalable, and secure network for an improved customer experience and increased value for our channel partners." Peter Cellarius, Vice President, Business and Corporate Development, Aruba Networks, an HP Company - "We were pleased to be the founding wireless partner in the Brocade Open Mobility Solution. Aruba views this approach as an ideal fit and a key piece of our broader mobile-first strategy. This initiative with Brocade builds on our long-term relationship and provides the kind of consistent security, user experience, and massive scalability that enables the unique class of mobility we've deployed together at venues like Levi's Stadium." Kash Shaikh, Vice President of Marketing, Ruckus Wireless - "Brocade and Ruckus have collaborated to deliver performance, scalability, security, and manageability at a low Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for enterprise networks. Together we provide comprehensive network solutions that enable organizations to deliver an excellent user experience and enable applications that securely engage visitors and customers." Tim Roberts, Supervisor of Technology, Souderton Area School District - "Our Ruckus and Brocade best-in-class solution is providing an ideal foundation for teachers to not only learn how to teach differently--it is also helping them determine what methods really make the class 'pop' and drive superior student outcomes." Luke Saintignan Systems and Network Administrator, Kilgore College - "We installed the Aruba APs and the Brocade network, and it just worked. The Brocade network provides a powerful, scalable underlay for any wireless network." William Lambert, Director of Information Technology Cumberland University - "Brocade and Aerohive provided best-of-breed products that worked as well or better than single-vendor solutions."  Additional Resources:
Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...  Mon, Sep 28, 2015, 10:24 BST - UK Markets close in 6 hrs 6 mins Is There An Opportunity For Handsome Returns With Unloved Glencore plc, Tullow Oil plc and Premier Oil plc? By Dave Sullivan | Fool.co.uk – 15 minutes ago 165.30 -4.2000  It's hardly breaking news -- the price of oil and many other resources have collapsed. Whilst there are many moving parts involved in the slide in prices, investors can broadly put the weakness down to supply outstripping demand.  As the chart below painfully demonstrates, this has been a very testing time for investors in the companies involved in natural resources sector, such as Glencore (LSE: GLEN), Tullow Oil (LSE: TLW) and Premier Oil (LSE: PMO).  A Chart to Behold  As the chart shows, anyone who bought these stocks at this time last year would be looking at a lot of red in their portfolio right now. All three stocks show a loss of between 70% and 80%, thereby significantly under-performing the FTSE 100 .  The Weeks Biggest Losers  Indeed, all three of these stocks have been under considerable pressure in the last seven days - at Fridays close their performance according to Digital Look was: Glencore - down 22.84% Premier Oil - down 14.02%  So the question is: with falls like this, are there bargains to be had?  Well, to be honest. I think that investors could well see the share price performance of all three company's under review today continue to be downwards - here's why:  Firstly, and for me, most importantly, all of these companies have little in the way of control over the price of the particular commodity that they pull from the ground and/or trade in. It seems to me that we are currently in a position where supply is outstripping demand, the result being downward pressure on the price. True, each management team have the ability to slow production or close less profitable operations whilst waiting for prices to recover, trim costs and make the business leaner, but there is only so much they can do.  Secondly, all three have seen brokers downgrading their earnings estimates continuously for the last twelve months, indeed, Premier is now expected to make a loss for the year ending 31 December 2015. Both Glencore and Tullow are still expected to turn a profit, but expectations have been slashed by over 75% over the last twelve months according to data from Stockopedia.  Finally, all three carry a significant amount of debt. Investors in Afren will be all too aware of the implications that this can carry. I wouldn't be surprised is a significant proportion of the current share price weakness is due to concerns around this issue alone. To give credit where it is due, management at Glencore have taken action and placed more shares with institutional investors earlier this month, in addition, both the CEO and the CFO made significant purchases, too. As an investor, I would like to see similar transactions at Tullow and Premier.  This Fools Take  Sometimes the best way to get rich is to avoid the big losses. I can remember a similar situation with the banks around the time of the financial crisis, just as I was starting to invest proper. I can remember thinking that surely their share prices couldn't drop any further? Guess what - they could and they did!  Personally, I now pause for thought prior to rushing into a share that has been subject to large price falls - I find that it has usually fallen for a reason - and shares can indeed fall further.  And while I don't pretend to know which way the oil, copper or iron ore prices are headed, I'd want to see a better balance in the supply versus demand then we currently have before dipping my toe into this sector.  Whilst it is true that some traders will make their fortune by getting the call correct, and some who could find that they have lost their shirts. There is a better way to invest in this market, and you can find some further details in this special free report.  Entitled "10 Steps To Making A Million In The Market" you will learn how following ten simple steps can seriously improve your wealth - the key is starting early!  This report is currently completely free and without obligation, so don't delay! Click here to receive this report - right now.  Dave Sullivan has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK has recommended Tullow Oil.
In its current state, the eurozone is not only vulnerable to economic crises and populist slogans from the left and right. It also lacks democratic legitimation, argues Joachim Poß. Joachim Poß is a Socialist member of the German Bundestag. While the debate over the future of the eurozone hit a peak during the crisis years, it lost attraction in subsequent years. Now with the release of the Five Presidents Report, which is the single biggest contribution by the EU institutions in recent years, it figures prominently on the agenda again. In the report, the presidents of the European Commission, the European Parliament, the European Council, the Eurogroup and the European Central Bank present a strategic timeframe for the years ahead. For now, lost trust has to be regained within the framework of the Lisbon Treaty. Building on this success, steps can be taken towards a deepened Economic and Monetary Union. In order to regain the people’s trust, three points should be prioritised (alongside migration policies): a closer coordination of budgetary and fiscal policies, the effective tackling of tax dumping and the implementation of the Juncker Plan for more real investment. Closer Coordination of Budgetary and Fiscal Policies In order to bring about closer coordination, the report proposes a fiscal advisory committee. It would work towards national budgetary policies in member states accommodating asymmetrical business cycles. In contrast to the current approach in which all member states are supposed to pursue balanced budgets at all times, this would stimulate growth across the eurozone by absorbing macroeconomic shocks. Yet, this kind of policy needs ownership by national governments and parliaments. That is why the European Semester has to be intensified at the same time. The already initiated presentation of country-specific recommendations by the Commission to national parliaments is a first step in the right direction. End Tax Dumping The credibility of European integration also depends on how successful we are in bringing an end to competition over tax dumping between member states. The Benelux countries in particular have to deliver. We must uphold the principle that profits must be taxed where they are generated. A harmonisation of corporate income taxes could be an important milestone. In addition, an agreement on a European financial transaction tax would have symbolic importance, alongside its fiscal contribution. It would be a decisive step towards holding those people who essentially caused the crisis accountable for its costs. The revenues could form the basis of a future fiscal capacity for the eurozone. More Investment Today, the single most important task for Europe is to get the economies of crisis-ridden countries back on track. Alongside reforms in member states and on the European level, the investment programme which has been set up by the Juncker Commission is central. Mediterranean countries suffer heavily from a chronic lack of investment. The European Fund for Strategic Investments (EFSI) supports public and private investment where it is jeopardised by credit crunches, enormous economic uncertainty and austerity. It is important for member states to engage so that a sufficient number of projects will be facilitated. Trust before Reforms There is a good chance that we will be able to boost public approval for steps towards deeper integration if we make visible progress in the mentioned areas. In this regard, it is important to broaden the political debate. There is a looming split between two parties. On the one hand, there are those who aim to mutualise tasks on the European level, aiming to create a more stable, more just and more democratic union. In this vein, the ministers for economic affairs of France and Germany, Sigmar Gabriel and Emmanuel Macron, published a joint article promoting a further deepening of the eurozone and additional competencies on the European level, which ultimately lead to an economic and social union. On the other hand, there are those who follow the principle ‘everyone should put their own house in order’. The German Council of Economic Experts, as well as the German finance minister demand stricter rules and the right of direct access for a European finance minister. Countries that resist should not receive solidarity but undergo the disciplinary effects of the markets. Given the fact that market failures and bad decisions by private investors were the trigger for the financial crisis, this is a curious proposal. After all, it asks us to make the future of Europe dependent on the volatilities of anonymous markets. Instead of watering down the monetary union, we should do everything to bring about stability on the institutional, economic and political levels. Ultimately, instead of anticipated convergence, the last years were shaped by a drift in economic and social realities. From this follows a need for eurozone reform to meet the demands of a monetary union. We need European institutions that promote cohesion. This is why we should take the Five Presidents Report as an opportunity to develop political solutions in three central areas: fiscal union, banking union and social union. Euro Commissioner instead of finance minister We must be successful in improving the institutional set-up of the eurozone. To do so, we need a stronger centralisation of decision making authorities, for example a euro Commissioner. This function would need to do more than just observing the adherence to rules, as a conservative finance minister would do. Instead, the euro Commissioner needs a budget that is capable of countering recessions in individual member states effectively. The fiscal stabilisation function also needs stronger parliamentary participation rights – both through a eurozone chamber in the European Parliament and a stronger involvement of national parliaments. In the spirit of the community method, it also needs to be checked whether the European Stability Mechanism (ESM) could be transformed into a European Monetary Fund. On the one hand, this way democratic control of the crisis resolution mechanism could be enforced and on the other hand, future crises could be solved independently of the IMF. Furthermore, the growing economic inequality, not only within but particularly between member states is worrying. Thus, we should push forward the social union to not only improve the lives of citizens but also to undermine populist movements, using instruments like minimum wages or the promotion of effective social systems. And finally, the Greek crisis demonstrated that while we have alleviated the vicious circle between banking crises and sovereign debt crises, we have still not managed to resolve it fundamentally. Hence, we must struggle for a eurozone-wide deposit guarantee fund, to bring about a genuine banking union. We must find the right balance between European solidarity and control on the one hand and rules and political institutions on the other. There should not be a step backwards to the old Maastricht days, but neither should we place too much hope in a European federal state. In October, heads of state and government will discuss the Five Presidents Report. They should take it as an opportunity to launch a progressive reform of the eurozone. Joachim Poß ,
MUMBAI: Accenture is looking at bringing its startup innovation hub concept to India and will continue to work with Indian startups as it expects the country to emerge a source of innovation for the world, a top official said.   "I would say that it is more than a possibility (placing a startup hub in India). Collaboration with Indian startups is something already being done," Gianfranco Casati, group chief executive -- growth markets at Accenture, said.   "Personally, I would say, that I am very optimistic about India becoming a source of innovation for the world. Potentially, even more disruptive than China," he told ET in an exclusive interaction.   The global consulting and IT giant has innovation hubs centred on new-generation technologies such as Internet of Things (IoT) in Silicon Valley to work with startups and partners.   Accenture already works with Indian startups in its FinTech Innovation Lab in Hong Kong and has given grants to researchers from IIT-Bombay, IIT-Chennai, BITS-Pilani and IISc-Bangalore for research in natural language programming, cognitive learning systems, and dependable software.   While the innovation boom in India is still in its early stages, mushrooming startups have raised some concerns for some IT companies who now have to compete with startups for talent at campuses and lose high-performing employees to them.   But Accenture looks at this differently, said Rekha Menon, the newly-appointed chairman of Accenture India.   "We are always training our employees — keeping them future-ready and engaged, because the newer generation wants to learn constantly. And we understand that some employees will want to move to startups, and we support that, because that's the in-built risk in hiring top talent. We have also supported startups started by ex-Accenture employees," she said.   Menon said the company was training its more than 100,000 strong workforce in India on newer digital technologies, not just to serve global clients, but also to serve the India market.   "We are already seeing the shift in demand to Accenture's new offerings. We are working with State Bank of India to make them digital, and partnering with Arunachal Pradesh on their digitisation drive. There is states and companies leapfrogging into the digital age," Menon said.   Accenture is also working on bringing its 3D printing and IoT solutions to India as part of its growth markets strategy.   Despite volatility in markets such as China and Brazil, Accenture logged double-digit growth in revenues its newer markets for its financial year ended August.   John O'Brien, analyst with TechMarket-View, pointed out that Accenture achieved double-digit growth across both consulting and outsourcing services, and across all three main geographies of North America (12%), Europe (10%), and growth markets (11%).
The Federal Savings Bank knows that fall brings a number of preventative maintenance home repair projects. These repairs are important and may grow into larger problems if ignored. The following ideas and tips are compiled by The Federal Savings Bank to get any fall housing projects underway smoothly Lawn Care As the color of the leaves change, raking leaves and aerating the lawn will serve to prevent grass and garden beds from suffocating. In addition, as stated on BHG.com “fertilizing and winterizing grass, trees, and shrubs will allow your greenery to enter its winter slumber comfortably and properly nourished.” If too busy to work on the lawn, consider hiring a professional lawn care service, the process will be quick and easy and give comfort that the job is done. Windows Window replacements are probably the most important fall housing repair. Replacing cracked or old windows is critical to a warm home in the winter and can add extra light. In addition to the windows, one must also inspect to see if there is proper insulation for window seal gaps. Roof Repair Roof repairs are critical to saving a home’s heating bill in the winter. If a roof has a crack, snow and ice will only make it worse and cause and awful chill in the home. Any crack noticed in the roof should be dealt with immediately. If unsure how to pay for the above listed repairs, The Federal Savings Bank suggests that a great way to finance the remodeling of a home is with a home equity line of credit (HELC). Whether customer, reality, or trusted referral source, The Federal Savings Bank understands how important every purchase or refinance transaction is to helping its clients optimize the purchase or refinance of their home at – for more information visit - TheFederalSavingsBank.com .
Hulk Hogan has said once again that he deeply regrets making racist comments.Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live, the former wrestler added that he is unsurprised that he was fired by WWE when transcripts emerged of him using offensive language. © Rex Features / Startraks PhotoBrooke Hogan and Hulk Hogan "[I feel] they had to do what was best for their business," he said."It doesn't even matter that it was said in private. I never should have said it."Hogan previously admitted that he was "embarrassed" by his comments in 2007, which happened during a heated conversation about his daughter Brooke's former boyfriend. © WWE "I was upset with her over a situation between [my daughter] and her boyfriend, and had no idea I was being taped," he said. "It was wrong. I was embarrassed by it."Where I grew up in South Tampa, it was a really rough neighbourhood. The word was thrown around like it was nothing. I think it was part of the culture and environment I grew up in."WWE said in a statement back when they let Hogan go: "WWE is committed to embracing and celebrating individuals from all backgrounds as demonstrated by the diversity of our employees, performers and fans worldwide."
The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION James Taylor's mother, Gertrude, dies surrounded by family at her Martha's Vineyard home at 92 By: The Associated Press Enlarge Image  FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2015 file photo, James Taylor performs at the Nearness of You concert at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York. Taylor posted on his website that his mother, Gertrude Woodard Taylor, died over the weekend on Martha's Vineyard. She was 92. (Photo by Scott Roth/Invision/AP, File)  CHILMARK, Mass. - The mother of Grammy-winning singer-songwriter James Taylor has died. Gertrude Woodard Taylor was 92.  His mother died over the weekend surrounded by four generations of family at her home "overlooking her beloved Stonewall Pond" in Chilmark on Martha's Vineyard, the "Fire & Rain" singer said on his website.  Her daughter Kate Taylor tells the Vineyard Gazette that their mother died of complications from old age.  "She devoted her life to her marriage and her five children, four boys and a girl," James Taylor posted on his website. Three of those children — James, Kate and Livingstone — became professional musicians.  Trudy, as his mother was known, was also "an accomplished painter, a weaver (spinning her own yarn), a photographer, a distinguished horticulturist and a killer cook, whose talents in the kitchen were celebrated by anyone fortunate enough to sit at her table," James Taylor wrote.  A Massachusetts native and the daughter of a commercial fisherman, she married Isaac Taylor, dean of the University of North Carolina's medical school. Isaac Taylor died in 1995.  She raised her family in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, and Martha's Vineyard.  She is survived by four children and multiple grandchildren and great-grandchildren. She was also predeceased by one son.  Memorial services were pending.
1 of 5 | License Photo LOS ANGELES, Oct. 14 (UPI) -- Taylor Kinney would be interested in working with fiancée Lady Gaga in the future. The 34-year-old actor said as much in an interview with E! News published Tuesday. Kinney and the 29-year-old singer met on the set of her "You and I" music video in 2011, and Lady Gaga has since made her TV debut on American Horror Story: Hotel . "I would love to do something with her," he told the website. "I met working with her. I don't know that we've done anything work-wise since. I wouldn't put that out of the realm of possibilities." Lady Gaga plays Elizabeth, aka the Countess, on the FX series, and recently revealed Kinney encouraged her to take the role. The star said the Chicago Fire actor has been "exponentially supportive" of her foray into television, offering her tips to ease her transition. "It was amazing," Kinney lauded of his fiancée's first episode. "I'm proud of her and I push her. I support her 100 percent. [Creator] Ryan Murphy has done an amazing job. The cast is amazing. She loves it, she really does. I think she did great." Kinney and Lady Gaga got engaged in February, and the singer previously told Women's Wear Daily she will wear a dress chosen "for" her husband-to-be at their wedding. The actor plays Lt. Kelly Severide on Chicago Fire , which airs Tuesdays at 10 p.m. ET on NBC.   Lady Gaga talks bloody 'Hotel' sex scene Watch: Lady Gaga stars in Tom Ford's new runway music video Lady Gaga named Billboard's Woman of the Year Watch: Lady Gaga shines light on sexual assualt in new music video
WASHINGTON (AP) — Hillary Rodham Clinton and Bernie Sanders are looking to build on their strong Democratic presidential debate performances, while three other Democratic candidates are still struggling for traction. Clinton remained in Nevada Wednesday morning doing local media interviews. Sanders was scheduled to attend a taping of "The Ellen Degeneres Show." In Tuesday's Democratic Debate, Clinton contrasted her record with Sanders' more conservative positions on gun restrictions while suggesting the Vermont senator is too liberal on other issues. Sanders offered perhaps the most memorable line, declaring that "the American people are sick and tired of hearing about" Clinton's emails. But Sanders made clear he wasn't defending Clinton's use of a private server in her home while serving as secretary of state. Instead, he argued Americans have more serious concerns. Politics & Government Hillary Rodham Clinton Bernie Sanders
By The Associated Press LOS ANGELES (AP) - Here are some milestones in Playboy's history: 1953 - The first Playboy Magazine is published in December, featuring Marilyn Monroe on the cover and in a "Sweetheart of the Month" color nude photo inside. The magazine sells more than 50,000 copies. 1954 - Playboy's second issue in January is the first to feature a "Playmate of the Month." The term is used in a spread featuring Margie Harrison. 1955 - Hugh Hefner wins a lawsuit against the U.S. Post Office, which considered Playboy obscene. The magazine is granted the same second-class mailing privileges held by other magazines. 1956 - Marian Stafford is featured in the magazine's first triple-page, foldout centerfold in March. 1959 - The first Playboy Jazz Festival is held and sells out in Chicago. Performers include Louis Armstrong, Duke Ellington and Ella Fitzgerald. - Hugh Hefner buys a home in Chicago that becomes the Playboy Mansion. 1960 - The first Playboy Club, staffed by Playboy Bunnies, opens in Chicago. The worldwide chain of clubs eventually will have 230,000 keyholders. 1962 - The magazine introduces the "Playboy Interview" with jazz legend Miles Davis. 1965 - Jennifer Jackson becomes the first African-American Playmate of the Month in the March issue. Jean Bell appeared on the cover of the January 1970 issue with four other Playmates. In October 1971, Darine Stern became the first African-American model featured alone on a cover. 1969 - Playboy opens a television and motion picture division, Playboy Productions, in Los Angeles. 1971 - Hefner buys a West Los Angeles estate to become Playboy Mansion West and eventually makes it his permanent home. 1972 - For the January issue, Marilyn Cole is the first playmate to feature full frontal nudity. - Playboy's first foreign edition is launched in Germany. Currently, 29 editions are published in more than 50 countries. 1988 - Hefner's daughter, Christie Hefner, becomes chairman and chief executive of Playboy Enterprises Inc. Hefner remains editor-in-chief of the magazine. 2009 - The November issue features the magazine's first cartoon character cover model - a fetching, blue-haired Marge Simpson. - Patricia Paay, 60, becomes the oldest woman to pose for Playboy, appearing in Dutch edition for December. The oldest model to make the cover of the U.S. edition was Farah Fawcett, then 50, in 1997. The October 2006 U.S. issue featured a nude photo of Mamie Van Doren, then 75, but it was not taken by Playboy. 2015 - Playboy announces that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. ___ Sources include Playboy website.
Strong evidence Mars has steams of salt water in summertime   8:13 am Share  CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- Scientists are reporting that Mars appears to have not only frozen water but flowing streams of salty water, at least in the summertime.  They say their latest observations "strongly support" the longtime theory that salt water flows down certain Martian slopes each summer.  These dark, narrow streaks tend to appear and grow during the warmest Martian months, and fade the rest of the year. Salt lowers the freezing point of water, and scientists say that would explain these seasonal briny flows.  Because water is essential to life, Monday's findings could have major implications.  The researchers say further exploration is warranted to determine whether any microscopic life might exist at modern-day Mars. They based their findings on data from NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, which has been circling Mars since 2006.  Copyright © The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. Acquires 106,557 Square Foot Shopping Center in Orangeburg, South Carolina Acquisition marks Wheeler’s 42nd property, and 10 th location in South Carolina Anchored by nationally known tenant, Bi-LO Property is 90% leased Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. 16 minutes ago  Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. (NASDAQ: WHLR) has acquired Grove Park Shopping Center, South …  VIRGINIA BEACH, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--  Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. ( WHLR ) (“Wheeler” or the “Company”), a company specializing in owning, acquiring, financing, developing, renovating, leasing and managing income producing assets, such as community centers, neighborhood centers, strip centers and free-standing retail properties, announced today that it has acquired Grove Park Shopping Center (“Grove Park” or the “Property”), a 106,557 square foot grocery anchored shopping center located in Orangeburg, South Carolina. The Company purchased the property for approximately $6.6 million, or $61.94 per square foot, using a combination of cash and debt. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150910005742/en/  Jon S. Wheeler, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, “Grove Park Shopping Center is a significant shopping location in the community and is conveniently located near two universities, which helps draw additional traffic to the area. We secured the center under favorable terms at a discount to replacement cost. Grove Park is a prime example of the robust pipeline available of ‘necessity-based’ retail focused properties that are located in strong growing secondary and tertiary markets and that we expect to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. This acquisition fits our criteria perfectly and we are pleased to add Grove Park to our portfolio.”  Grove Park Shopping Center – Orangeburg, South Carolina  Grove Park was built in 1986 and is a 106,557 square foot grocery-anchored retail center located in Orangeburg, South Carolina. The property is 90% leased and tenants include Bi-LO, AT&T, Kool Smiles and Republic Finance.  The center is located at the interexchange of U.S. Route 178 and Route 21, with Claflin University and South Carolina State University within a 2-mile radius and The Regional Medical Center of Orangeburg and Calhoun Counties within a five minute drive of the center.  Location/ Demographic Information  Orangeburg, also known as "The Garden City," is the principal city in and the county seat of Orangeburg County, South Carolina. As of the census of 2010, Orangeburg has a population of 13,964 and the greater city population was 67,326.  About Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc.  Headquartered in Virginia Beach, VA, Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. specializes in owning, acquiring, financing, developing, renovating, leasing and managing income producing assets, such as community centers, neighborhood centers, strip centers and free-standing retail properties. Wheeler’s portfolio contains strategically selected properties, primarily leased by nationally and regionally recognized retailers of consumer goods and located in the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Southeast and Southwest regions of the United States.  Additional information about Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. can be found at the Company’s corporate website: www.whlr.us .  Forward-looking Statement  This press release may contain “forward-looking” statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When the Company uses words such as “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “project,” “estimate” or similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters, it is making forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual results to differ materially from the Company’s expectations discussed in the forward-looking statements. The Company’s expected results may not be achieved, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Specifically, the Company's statements regarding the expected ability to generate revenue from Grove Park, potential increase in the value of its property portfolio and the anticipated profitability of the acquisition are forward-looking statements. There are a number of important factors that could cause the Company's operations to differ from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including, among other factors, local conditions such as oversupply of space or a reduction in demand for real estate in the area; competition from other available space; dependence on rental income from real property; the loss of, significant downsizing of or bankruptcy of a major tenant; constructing properties or expansions that produce a desired yield on investment; the Company's ability to renew or enter into new leases at favorable rates; its ability to buy or sell assets on commercially reasonable terms; its ability to complete acquisitions or dispositions of assets under contract; its ability to secure equity or debt financing on commercially acceptable terms or at all; the Company's ability to enter into definitive agreements with regard to its financing and joint venture arrangements or its failure to satisfy conditions to the completion of these arrangements and the success of its capital recycling strategy. Additional factors are discussed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission which are available for review at www.sec.gov . The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150910005742/en/
SAN FRANCISCO Sept 9 With its highly profitable iPhone due for an upgrade, Apple is expected to unveil a pair of new handsets at an event in San Francisco on Wednesday, analysts say, in addition to showing off a larger iPad and an updated Apple TV. When Apple executives take the stage at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, investors will be scrutinizing their plans for the next generation of the iPhone, which drove nearly two-thirds of the company's $49.6 billion in revenue in the most recent quarter. Apple is widely expected to keep the size of the phones the same but upgrade it with an improved camera and Force Touch, a display technology that responds differently depending on how hard users press their screens. A year after Apple rolled out iPhones with larger screens, touching off a frenzy of sales that saw revenue in the most recent quarter increase 32.5 percent from the same quarter a year ago, the latest upgrades may leave some investors and consumers underwhelmed. "It's getting harder and harder for Apple to compete against itself," said analyst Bob O'Donnell of TECHnalysis Research. Apple shares closed at $112.31 on Tuesday and are up 14 percent over the last year, although they are down nearly 12 percent in the last three months. Fortunately for Apple, most consumers buy smartphones under a two-year upgrade cycle, meaning the company will still likely scoop up a lot of sales, said analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy. "The key point of reference is not how the new phone compares to the iPhone 6, it's how it compares to the iPhone 5s," he said. Another likely focus of the event is Apple TV, a set-top box that has seen few significant updates since its release in 2007. Although Apple has yet to hammer out deals for a long-awaited television service, analysts say the company is poised to overhaul the hockey-puck-sized device. Expected updates include an App Store and a new user interface that allows users to make requests through the Siri digital assistant and search for specific programs and movies across apps. The company may also discuss the device's role as a hub for gaming. Nearly 20 percent of U.S. broadband households own at least one streaming media player, and Apple has a long way to go in the market, according to data from research firm Parks Associates. Roku is the leader in streaming media boxes, accounting for 34 percent of all streaming devices sold in the United States in 2014, according to data from research firm Parks Associates. Google Inc's Chromecast and Amazon.com Inc's Fire TV were next. The Apple TV box came in fourth. "It's important that (Apple) come out and really get up to date and potentially eclipse some of the other living room devices out there," Moorhead said. Apple is also expected to pay some attention to its iPad line, rolling out a larger tablet. Amid slumping sales, Apple has tried to push the iPad into the enterprise market, and a gadget with a bigger screen may appeal to some professionals seeking to swap out their laptops for tablets, analysts say. But any boost from the enterprise will probably not be enough to offset consumers' waning interest in the device, O'Donnell said. "It's not going to change the arc of the iPad," he said. (Additional reporting by Lisa Richwine ,; Editing by Stephen R. Trousdale and Ken Wills )
0 COMMENTS ENLARGE Photo: Getty Images Automated ad buying continues to grow, despite mounting concerns among marketers that the technology is undermined by a lack of transparency and ad fraud. Programmatic ad buying of display and video ads, in which advertisers use computerized systems to target users based on consumer data and Web-browsing behavior, is expected to jump 49% this year to $14.2 billion globally, according to a study by Magna Global, the research and ad-buying arm of Interpublic Group . IPG -2.02 % Magna MGA -3.22 % estimates that programmatic would represent about 31% of the $46 billion display and video ad market this year. The march of the machines continues to grow, despite the fact that many advertisers have concerns about the practice, including the lack of transparency around ad prices, the “viewability” of ads, and the increased rate of ad fraud that can occur when ads are purchased programmatically. A study last year showed that ads purchased through programmatic channels are more likely to be loaded by “bots” than non-programmatic ads. Bots are computer programs that mimic the activities of real users. The benefits of programmatic “outweigh the headwinds” that the sector faces, said Luke Stillman, Magna’s associate director of forecasting. Advertisers are drawn to the practice because “they get improved reach, reduced waste, enhanced targeting and access to new audiences,” he said. “There are still strong incentives for both sides, publishers and advertisers, to move toward programmatic,” said Vincent Letang, Magna’s director of global forecasting. The problems facing automated ad buying will be among the topics addressed this week during Advertising Week. A panel on Monday entitled “Transparency and Openness in Programmatic” will explore the issue. About 81% of the expected automated ad spending this year, Magna said, will be done through real-time bidding systems, in which machines automatically bid for inventory within milliseconds of inventory becoming available. The U.S. continues to lead the push into automated buying, with about $7.7 billion worth of ad spending expected to be done through automated systems this year. Magna estimates that automated ad buying will reach $36.8 billion (50% of the display and video spend) by 2019.
PTI | October 14, 2015, 14.54 pm Hyderabad: While shooting Rohit Shetty's 'Dilwale' in Hyderabad, superstar Shah Rukh Khan made an "honest confession" that he and his co-star Kajol are the world's "worst best dancers". The 49-year-old 'Happy New Year' actor filmed a dance sequence with Kajol, 41. "There's nothing I like more than working. A dancing night with Kajol even better. We are the worst best dancers in the world!!! Honest confession," Shah Rukh tweeted. However, Bollywood's Big B, Amitabh Bachchan begs to differ. The actor replied to SRK's tweet saying that he too had been dancing all night and is the 'worst worst' dancer. @iamsrk WRONG .. !! You both are the best best .. I AM THE WORST WORST !! Been dancing all night too and have proved myself right !! HUUHAA — Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) October 14, 2015 SRK wasted no time and replied back by tweeting, " @SrBachchan Sir sorry, Chota muh badi baat but I will beat u at bad dancing. I am a natural interpretive dancer & my form is called Disaster." @SrBachchan Sir sorry, Chota muh badi baat but I will beat u at bad dancing. I am a natural interpretive dancer & my form is called Disaster — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) October 14, 2015 The hit Bollywood on-screen couple have appeared together in many films like, 'Baazigar', 'Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge', 'Kuch Kuch Hota Hai', 'Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham'. They will be seen romancing again after five years. 'Dilwale' also stars Varun Dhawan and Kriti Sanon in pivotal roles. The film will release on December 18. Tags: entertainment Bollywood Shah Rukh Khan Kajol Amitabh Bachchan Also Read Ranveer, Priyanka, Anil and Shefali promote 'Dil Dhadakne Do' in Jaipur Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana to mentor actors on TV reality show 'Transformers' franchise to be expanded 'Rajesh Khanna: The Fallen Superstar': New book seeks to reveal unknown facets about Bollywood's first superstar
Sept 28 A unit of Johnson & Johnson that makes artificial hips has accused a surgical funding company of seeking excessive profits from financing surgery for patients suing over the devices. The claim by DePuy Orthopaedics marks the first time that a device maker in the multibillion-dollar litigation over faulty hip replacements has publicly raised concerns about the controversial business of surgical funding, which has increasingly become a part of mass litigation over medical devices. Surgical funders essentially invest in operations on injured plaintiffs. If a litigant can't afford surgery to correct problems allegedly caused by medical devices, the funders will step in to purchase medical bills at a deep discount from physicians, hospitals and others who have provided care to the patient. When the patient's lawsuit settles, the funder reaps a profit by placing a lien on the settlement for the full amount of the patient's surgical bill. Following a Reuters report about the role of Texas-based medical funder Medstar in pelvic mesh litigation, DePuy Orthopaedics has raised new questions about Medstar in litigation over its all-metal ASR hip implants. In an Aug. 31 filing in federal court in Toledo, Ohio, the defendant asked the court to compel MedStar to turn over more information about the liens, so it can investigate whether the funder schemed to "artificially inflate damages claims." According to DePuy, MedStar submitted claims for nearly $1.5 million for 11 surgeries that should have cost no more than $336,000. DePuy contends MedStar is attempting to collect twice as much as it paid to acquire the medical bills and four times what DePuy considers a reasonable cost for the patients' care. DePuy's filing cites the Reuters report on MedStar's actions in the mesh litigation. Because of an unusual feature of DePuy's settlement, MedStar is seeking payment directly from DePuy, rather than from the 11 patients whose hip-replacement surgery it funded. DePuy says it needs access to the funder's records before it will pay. If the claims are ultimately determined to be improper, DePuy might refuse to pay, possibly leaving plaintiffs on the hook for the full cost of their medical care. MedStar founder Dan Christensen said his claims in the DePuy hip implant litigation are "usual, customary and reasonable." According to Christensen, a medical pricing expert retained by MedStar deemed the bills it submitted to DePuy to be within four percent of typical hip replacement charges. He also said medical providers, and not MedStar, determine such charges. Last month Reuters reported that in cases involving pelvic mesh, another medical device that is the target of mass litigation, funders' liens on patients' settlements sometimes spiraled to as much as 10 times what private insurers or government programs like Medicaid would pay for the same procedures [ID: nL3N10S54U] In such cases, patients wind up recovering much less from settlements than they might have if funders weren't involved. Patients who rely on medical funders tend to be uninsured or unable to afford cash deductibles or out-of-network fees charged by their doctors. In the pelvic mesh litigation, manufacturers American Medical Systems, Johnson & Johnson's Ethicon subsidiary, Boston Scientific and C.R. Bard obtained records and deposition testimony on the Texas-based surgical funder MedStar after learning a MedStar representative was soliciting physicians to perform mesh removal surgery. DePuy agreed in 2013 to pay about $2.5 billion to settle approximately 8,000 personal injury suits over ASR hip implants. The company had previously recalled the metal-on-metal devices in 2010, after patients alleged they caused pain and joint dislocation and could even damage the central nervous system, thyroid and heart. The average base payment per case was about $250,000. DePuy also agreed to pay health insurers' liens for hip implant revision surgery directly so the costs would not come out of plaintiffs' recoveries. That provision explains why MedStar submitted its liens to the defendant. Texas attorney Tom Rhodes, whose law firm represents seven of the hip patients whose surgery was funded by MedStar, said his clients turned to MedStar because their preferred surgeons would not accept their insurance and would not operate at the reimbursement rate DePuy offered. All of the MedStar-funded plaintiffs received treatment from the same San Antonio medical providers. The surgeon, Dennis Gutzman, did not respond to a request for comment faxed to his office. The other four plaintiffs who used MedStar funding are represented by Watts Guerra. That firm did not respond to multiple requests for comment. Christensen said that if DePuy does not pay MedStar's liens, he will have "no other choice" but to demand payment from the patients whose surgery his company funded, an outcome he described as "extremely unfair." A spokesman for DePuy's parent company, Johnson & Johnson, declined to comment. (Reporting By Alison Frankel and Jessica Dye; Editing by Amy Stevens and Sue Horton)
The Rev. Ann Boult Walling (Photo: Tom Mason ) 15 CONNECT 41 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENT EMAIL MORE NASHVILLE -- For Ann Walling, Mary and Carl Vance were as much a part of her family as her parents. But her mom and dad didn’t see that. To them, the black servants in their Green Hills home were invisible. And Walling was too scared to say anything. “Being the coward I was, if I questioned them openly, I knew it would infuriate my parents, and I didn’t want to deal with that.” Walling, 75, touches on race relations in Nashville — and struggling with some of her parents’ thinking — in a new book, Sunday Dinner: Coming of Age in the Segregated South . Walling's dad was an intimidating figure. Reber F. Boult Sr. was a community leader, the “Boult” in Boult, Cummings, Conners & Berry law firm. Boult also was secretary of Vanderbilt University’s board and president of the Belle Meade Country Club, and a director or trustee for the chamber of commerce, the public library and almost any United Methodist Church board you can think of. Walling remembers there always being hired help in her parents’ and grandparents’ houses, black servants in starched white uniforms serving mounds of chicken, peas and buttery rolls at Sunday dinners. Ann Walling's parents, Olivia and Reber Boult, in 1992. (Photo: Submitted) She wondered why they were only paid $30 a week. She wondered why they never used the front door. But she kept quiet — even though she knew something wasn't right. “I thought, ‘Why do they have to do that? What difference does it make what door you come in?’ That always just bugged me a lot.” A few years later, in 1954, the U.S. Supreme Court handed down the landmark Brown vs. Board of Education of Topeka that ruled segregated schools unconstitutional. She remembers bringing in the newspaper with a big headline, “Segregation out” — and Walling was thrilled. “My mother was in the kitchen and I saw her and said, ‘Look at this! I’m so glad they did this!’” Her mother’s face turned dark. “You wouldn’t say that if you knew what you were talking about,” she said tartly to her teen daughter. “That hit me really hard. It was like a massive moment of realization. All those things that had built up — going through the back door, separate drinking fountains, they call us mister and misses and we call them by their first names,” Walling said. “It was crystal clear to me — I did know what I was talking about.” Mary and Carl Vance were hired shortly afterward. Carl Vance was quiet, stoic, but his wife? Walling fell in love with Mary Vance. The teen talked to Vance about boy problems, and the two spent hours in the kitchen baking together. Vance became a great friend to Walling during the girl’s adolescence. Servants Mary and Carl Vance with children Robin Boult, left, and Mitch Boult in 1962. (Photo: Submitted) Walling's friends often would come to the house, say a quick hello to Walling’s mom and head straight to the kitchen to talk to Mary Vance. Walling went on to become an Episcopal priest, using her voice in a way she never did as a child. Walling advocated for the downtrodden and voiceless throughout her career, retiring from St. David’s in Belle Meade in 2010. Since then, she continues to fight for the less fortunate. Walling has been a leader for Insure Tennessee initiatives to provide health care insurance for the poor, and she also has battled sex trafficking overseas. She just wishes she would’ve done more for the servants who were part of her childhood. “My biggest regrets with Mary and Carl and others in their situation would be that I didn’t step up and show them the respect and humanity that they deserved,” Walling said. “What I should’ve done first would’ve been to give them the dignity and respect they were due.” “They were not Mary and Carl, they were Mr. and Mrs. Vance. They could come in, in something other than servant’s clothes. They could’ve used the front door. Instead of living their lives as if they were invisible, they should’ve lived their lives as part of the family.” 15 CONNECT 41 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 //usat.ly/1RDBq1j TOP VIDEOS
AirWatch by VMware  ATLANTA, GA--(Marketwired - September 30, 2015) - AirWatch® , the leader in enterprise mobility management (EMM), today announced the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP) granted AirWatch with the HP-IAPP Privacy Innovation Award for Most Innovative Privacy Technology. AirWatch received the award for its overall commitment to delivering a leading EMM platform focused on maintaining user privacy.  "AirWatch is committed to protecting the privacy of our users and today's recognition from IAPP is a major validation to our efforts," said Noah Wasmer, vice president of Product Management and CTO, End-User Computing, VMware. "We believe that security should not come at the expense of a user's privacy, and this award proves our dedication to developing solutions that protect both enterprise data and personal information. AirWatch's dedication to privacy enables us to the earn trust of the people using their devices, which is crucial to the success of our customers' mobile programs."  The HP-IAPP Privacy Innovation Award for Most Innovative Privacy Technology recognizes one organization annually that integrates privacy into solutions to elevate consumer trust and serve as a competitive differentiator. IAPP, the largest and most comprehensive global information privacy community, selected AirWatch based on the level of innovation, depth of adoption and integration of the AirWatch Privacy First program.  AirWatch Privacy First is an initiative incorporated into every facet of the AirWatch by VMware™ Enterprise Mobility Management™ Suite. AirWatch Privacy First helps organizations comply with privacy principles by default and provides transparency to employees. Features are developed with privacy considerations of both the enterprise and the end user in mind; enabling simple privacy administrator configurations while giving end users with tools to stay educated and informed.  "Each year, the HP-IAPP award honors an organization that best demonstrates dedication to safeguarding the privacy of consumer, citizen and employee data," said J. Trevor Hughes, CIPP, president and CEO, IAPP. "We were impressed by AirWatch's robust privacy program and solution settings that inherently protect user information and data. We're proud to extend this prestigious award to AirWatch and commend them on their commitment to user privacy in the technology industry."  Resources Read more on the AirWatch Blog  About AirWatch AirWatch is the leader in enterprise mobility management, with more than 16,000 global customers. The AirWatch by VMware platform includes industry-leading mobile device, email, application, content and browser management solutions. Organizations can implement these solutions across device types and use cases, including complete EMM for corporate and line of business deployments, and containerized solutions for bring your own device (BYOD) programs. Acquired by VMware in February 2014, AirWatch is based in Atlanta and can be found online at www.air-watch.com . VMware is headquartered in Silicon Valley and can be found online at www.vmware.com .  VMware, AirWatch, AirWatch by VMware, and AirWatch by VMware Enterprise Mobility Management are registered trademarks or trademarks of VMware, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. Contact:
Resources Minister Josh Frydenburg says Sunday penalty rates 'need to be looked at'. Justin McManus Share on twitter Share on Google Plus by Primrose Riordan New Resources Minister Josh Frydenberg has said Australia's industrial relations system is "costing" business and jobs and Sunday penalty rates need to be "looked at" - a sign the new Turnbull government is tilting at IR reform. Former Prime Minister Tony Abbott and former Employment Minister Eric Abetz were seen as lacking the political capital to proceed with changes, and left decisions on wages to the Fair Work Commission . Now, in more strident comments, Mr Frydenberg said Sunday penalty rates were "an area where we need to look at". He pointed to examples in the resources industry where the system was decreasing productivity and increasing cost. "In the resources sector it costs 50 per cent more in Australia to have an energy project than if you were to have one on the US Gulf Coast," he said. With Mr Turnbull leaving the door open to a broad range of policy adjustments, Mr Frydenberg further added to speculation the government was keen to move on IR. "Malcolm Turnbull is absolutely right to point to industrial relations as one area where it does cost business and ultimately it does cost jobs," he said. Mr Frydenberg also said he would "love" to see the defunct Australian Building and Construction Commission reinstated. Related "We've seen energy companies in Australia say without the Australian Building and Construction Commission we've seen five times as many industrial disputes and days lost to industrial disputation than if we had the ABCC. "I would love to see that come back as well as other changes," he said.
Nagios Enterprises, LLC is pleased to announce the anticipated release of Nagios XI 5, the newest version of the popular Nagios XI program. “We’ve listened to our users and have worked hard to release a product that will continue to keep customer systems in top condition, as well as adding numerous elements to improve efficiency for the end-user, saving organizations time and money,” says Scott Wilkerson, chief technical officer and product development manager of Nagios. Nagios XI 5 reflects the voices of our community of millions of users with numerous improvements and changes, benefiting users through:  Time-saving updates with smarter wizards, faster reports, default templates and more Easy-onboarding training guides Updated user experience and a cleaner, faster UI Smooth integration with existing IT systems Improved scalability Increased, efficient performance Short deployment time New API and in-program API Help Section Improved internationalization support Customizable email notification priority for increased visibility and issue resolution And over 150 improvements and upgrades! A full list of changes included in this release can be viewed here . Nagios XI 5 provides monitoring of all mission-critical infrastructure components including applications, services, operating systems, network protocols, systems metrics, and network infrastructure. Hundreds of third-party add-ons provide for monitoring of virtually all in-house applications, services, and systems. “This newest launch further solidifies Nagios’ place as the leading provider of IT infrastructure monitoring tools,” says Ethan Galstad, Founder and President of Nagios Enterprises. Nagios is used by over an estimated 8 million user worldwide with enterprise customers that include IBM, Google, NASA, Yahoo, Boeing, The Gap, Verizon, Harmann International, the UAE, the U.S. Government, every branch of the U.S. Military, major universities, and thousands of others. To view a guide on how to upgrade an existing Nagios XI installation to the latest release, visit Nagios Labs . If you encounter any issues, have questions or want to discuss a feature you would like to see in a future release of Nagios XI, please share them with our tech team at support.nagios.com. About Nagios Nagios Enterprises delivers official products, services, and solutions for and around Nagios®, the industry standard in enterprise-grade IT infrastructure monitoring. With millions of users worldwide, Nagios is the undisputed leader in the IT monitoring space. Nagios solutions are designed to provide system administrators with the tools necessary to efficiently and effectively monitor their entire IT infrastructure and proactively resolve incidents before they affect critical business processes. Nagios Enterprises is the official commercial arm of Nagios and provides value-added services, products and solutions to clients worldwide. Please visit nagios.com for more information. Contact: Nagios Enterprises 1 (888) 624-4671 pr(at)nagios(dot)com http://www.nagios.com ###
APEX 2015 Expo: Vision Systems to Showcase Innovative Electronically Dimmable Window System   28, 2015 at 6:54 AM Improving the passenger experience for the flying public has become a critical strategic objective of OEMs, airlines and the industry at large. This is reflected in the vision statement of the Airline Passenger Experience Association (APEX) -- "to elevate the passenger experience through our influential community." Next week at the APEX 2015 Expo, as one of only four finalists selected for the annual APEX "Best Achievement in Technology" award, Research Frontiers licensee Vision Systems will present its unique Nuance Touchless Multizone EDW solution.  Learn more about APEX here.  Vision Systems described this product, in their recent press release, as follows:  "This new solution is the world's first dimmable aircraft window controlled without any contact between the finger and the window. On the solution featured at APEX Expo, the visitors can set strips from the clear to the dark position, one after the other and from the top down like a Venetian blind, just by approaching their hand near the window and moving it upward or downward, and sideward to set the desired level of opacity."  We invite you to view this video for a demonstration of Nuance Touchless Multizone.  Vision Systems' Nuance Touchless Multizone EDW uses Research Frontiers patented SPD-Smart light-control film technology as the foundation that delivers unprecedented benefits to all passengers on board commercial airliners. With touch-free hand gestures -- simply moving your hand from side-to-side or up-and-down in front of the window, the EDW control options include instantly and precisely selecting the tint level of the entire window, or controlling the amount of light coming through different zones of the window, from top to bottom. The tint of the EDWs can also be centrally controlled by the crew. One of many benefits of this cabin-wide control is that if passengers at windows are sleeping, fellow passengers or flight attendants do not need to wake them in order to darken their window in advance of sunrise.  The comfort and benefits an SPD-Smart EDW system delivers extends to all airline passengers. Cabin-wide control, operated either automatically with photosensors, or manually by the crew, can result in the optimum level of daylight present throughout the cabin at all times. This improves the passenger experience for everyone on board, even those seated in the middle section of a two-aisle widebody aircraft. Benefits for all include greater daylighting, enhanced views, and a more open feeling resulting in greater perceived space. The management and "harvesting" of healthy daylighting instantly transforms the cabin, and synergistically complements other airline cabin systems including interior mood lighting systems and entertainment systems, for an unequalled passenger experience.  In addition to light and glare control for optimum daylighting while maintaining views, an SPD-Smart EDW system further improves the passenger experience for all by managing unwanted outside elements coming through windows. It delivers a cooler cabin due to remarkable heat-rejection properties, and a quieter cabin due to acoustic insulation properties. The functionality is combined with improved cabin aesthetics to enhance the functionality, interior aesthetics and comfort of the passenger cabin.
NEW DELHI: When Alibaba listed on NYSE a year ago, it created history with the highest share sale value, making the Chinese e-commerce giant valued at around $230 billion. A year on, the company might create history again but this time, for the wrong reasons. Its scrip has nosedived close to 40% from its opening price and is now trading at almost $60 mark now.  Fuelling the panic is a report by Barron's which predicts the stock price could crash by 50%. So, will Indian e-commerce bear the brunt of Alibaba's stock crash?  It's a verity that a substantial chunk of the euphoric rise of investor confidence resulting into big fat cheques to Indian entrepreneurs was driven by Alibaba's success and the promises it held. Both investors and entrepreneurs in India have been vocal about being inspired from the Alibaba story and many are trying to copy its model.  In fact, one if the biggest investors in India's consumer Internet story is Japanese giant SoftBank. Billionaire Masayoshi Son-led Softbank's 32% stake in Alibaba provided it with a war chest to aggressively strike deals, boosting valuations of Indian as well as broader Asian startup ecosystem.  Going by last 18 months, Indian e-commerce has been all about blockbuster funding, sky soaring valuations but the plot is changing now in India. Investors are being cautious and big e-commerce companies are finding it strenuous to raise larger rounds of funds to meet working capital demands. The slowdown in Chinese stock exchange and Alibaba's continuous descent has been the trigger for Indian community.  "The froth is not there any more. So, raising large rounds are not going to be easy at all in the present scenario.While Indian market has still got a lot of space to grow to come near the Chinese level but the flow of dollars is certainly not going to be as smooth as two years back," said Vijay Sekhar Sharma of Paytm.Alibaba, via its affiliate entity, is an investor in One97, which runs Paytm.  Flipkart and Snapdeal are the latest examples of casualty of this fallout.  Multiple sources have pointed out that Snapdeal was looking to raise close to a billion dollar at a valuation of $7 billion but could manage only $500 million at a valuation of $4.8 billion. Flipkart remained stable on its soaring valuation but it also had to be content for time being with about $700 million in fresh cash. It was also eyeing more cash.  "If not profit, companies are continuously being asked to arrest losses. The screening before writing a cheque to a company , regardless of scale, has become more meticulous. Accounting policies too are being screened," said a domestic investor who has invested in a large e-commerce company.  SoftBank shares are currently trading at two-year lows, tracking declining value of its investments in Alibaba, Yahoo Japan and Sprint Corp. SoftBank is sitting on $16 billion of cash but may still limit writing big cheques to startups for multiple reasons: It may be required to inject more capital into the still struggling US telco Sprint and its free cash flow from Japanese telecom market could face some squeeze.  However, despite the initial hints of panic the big bang investment headlines may continue for some time, perhaps at a slower pace, but valuations will continue to taper off coupled with tinge of negativity surrounding the market. What would be worth seeing is whether the Alibaba stock crash will cloud the Indian e-commerce story .
NEW DELHI (AP) - India successfully launched its first space observatory and six satellites into orbit on Monday, officials said, the latest step forward for a country looking to become a major player in the lucrative space market. The observatory, named Astrosat, was launched from Sriharikota in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh, said the Indian Space and Research Organization, or ISRO. Astrosat will attempt a deeper study of the universe, especially star systems. India's junior science minister, Y.S. Choudhury, said the launch of the observatory was part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision for India's space program. Modi, who is currently visiting the United States, tweeted his congratulations: "Well done @isro . This is one more grand accomplishment for Indian science & our scientists." Last September, India joined an elite club when it successfully guided its Mars Orbiter Mission, called Mangalyaan, into orbit around the red planet. Only the United States, the former Soviet Union and the European Space Agency had done that before. In December, India launched the country's heaviest rocket, weighing 630 tons. India, which is striving to become a player in the multibillion-dollar space market, has successfully launched lighter satellites in recent years, but has faced problems sending up heavier payloads. The launch vehicle that put Astrosat in orbit also carried satellites from Indonesia, Canada and the United States. The Astrosat, which has a mission life of five years, will send its data to a control center in the southern Indian city of Bangalore. Astronomy institutes across the country will also have access to the data, ISRO said. India, known as much for its crushing poverty as for its technological prowess, has used research in space and elsewhere to help solve problems at home, from gauging water levels in underground aquifers to predicting cataclysmic storms and floods. India's $1 billion-a-year space program has helped develop satellite, communication and remote sensing technologies that are being used to measure coastal soil erosion, assess the extent of remote flooding and manage forest cover for wildlife sanctuaries. They are giving fishermen real-time data on where to find fish and helping to predict natural disasters such as a cyclone that barreled into India's eastern coast last year. Early warning information allowed Indian officials to evacuate nearly a million people from the massive storm's path. Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CHADD (Children and Adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder), the leading national non-profit organization dedicated to helping individuals with ADHD, today announced a new benefit for parent members to help improve ADHD treatment monitoring. “After a child is diagnosed with ADHD, and treatment initiated, it is important for parents, teachers, and clinicians to have regular ongoing communication” said Michael MacKay, President of CHADD. “Fortunately, there are new online tools available that facilitate this and we have partnered with Attention Point to make their online communication tool, DefiniPoint, available to our parent members for free.” DefiniPoint is a HIPAA secure suite of online tools that improves communication enabling clinicians to easily gather feedback from parents and teachers about the efficacy of ADHD treatment. With this information clinicians are able to make a more informed decision on the child’s ADHD care. “Regardless of the type of treatment involved, whether medication, behavioral therapy, or dietary treatment, it is essential the clinician know how well core ADHD symptoms are being managed and how the child is performing in important domains so adjustments can be made to optimize the child’s ADHD care,” stated David Rabiner, Ph.D., Clinical Psychologist, research professor, and associate dean at Duke University. “But unfortunately, recent research suggests that this may not always be the case. A study by Epstein et al. shows that rating scale data from parents and teachers, which help determine a child's treatment response, is rarely a part of follow-up medical visits. As a result, it is likely that many children are deriving less benefit from treatment than they would if treatment monitoring were occurring.” For this reason, ADHD treatment guidelines from the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry highlight the necessity of sustained, systematic treatment monitoring. In July, CHADD and Attention Point formed a strategic partnership to increase awareness of the importance of treatment monitoring and to increase access to educational and ADHD management resources. “We’re glad to be working with such a wonderful organization and I applaud CHADD for recognizing the need for better communication,” stated Sam English, PhD, founder & CEO of Attention Point. “I believe DefiniPoint will benefit CHADD parents and families and ultimately result in better care for children with ADHD.” About Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) ADHD is one of the most common childhood neurobehavioral disorders. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, parents report that approximately 11 percent or 6.4 million children ages 4 to 17 have been diagnosed with ADHD in the US and 82.5% of diagnosed children are receiving medication and/or treatment by a mental health professional. It is estimated that the annual direct cost of the diagnosis, treatment, and ongoing management of ADHD in the US is approximately $30 billion. For more information about the importance of ADHD treatment monitoring, please see http://www.attentionpoint.com/Attentionmonitoring About CHADD Children and Adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (CHADD), is a national nonprofit organization that improves the lives of people affected by ADHD through education, advocacy, and support. CHADD is in the forefront in creating and implementing programs and services in response to the needs of adults and families affected by ADHD through collaborative partnerships and advocacy, including training for parents and K-12 teachers, hosting educational webinars and workshops, being an informative clearinghouse for the latest evidence-based ADHD information, and providing information specialists to support the ADHD community. CHADD represents more than 12,000 members and is located in Lanham, Maryland. ( http://www.chadd.org ) About Attention Point Attention Point is a health information technology company dedicated to improving the diagnosis and management of neurobehavioral health disorders. The company’s product DefiniPoint is a suite of online ADHD tools that improves ADHD management by connecting clinicians, professionals, teachers, patients, and parents. ( http://www.attentionpoint.com )
Terms  Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.  Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - News Network
* Consumer spending increases more than expected in Aug * NY Fed's Dudley adds to expectations of rate hike soon * Alcoa jumps after company says to split up * Indexes down: Dow 0.9 pct, S&P 1.04 pct, Nasdaq 1.28 pct (Updates to mid-morning) By Abhiram Nandakumar Sept 28 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were lower in early trading on Monday after data showed a better-than-expected increase in consumer spending in August, adding to the case for an interest rate increase this year. New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley added to the expectations of an early rate increase, suggesting the central bank could pull the trigger as soon as in October. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has said she expects rates to be raised this year. All three major U.S. indexes were down about 1 percent in early trading on Monday, with weakness in healthcare stocks and metal prices also weighing on the market. Healthcare stocks have weakened since Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton criticized drug pricing last week. The data showing a brisk 0.4 rise consumer spending in August followed stronger-than-expected second-quarter GDP data last week. This week will culminate with September non-farm payrolls data on Friday. Continued improvement in U.S. employment conditions could help convince the Fed to raise rates for the first time since 2006. Several other Federal Reserve officials are scheduled to speak during the week, including Yellen on Wednesday. "Investors are going to be looking at everything. They're going to be looking at every economic number to try and figure out what the Fed is going to do," Rick Fier, director of trading at Conifer Securities in New York said. Nine of the 10 major S&P sectors were lower. The health index's 1.59 percent fall led the decliners, weighed by a 2.1 percent fall in Gilead Sciences. The materials sector was down 1.67 percent as copper and aluminum prices slid to one-month lows amid worries about demand from China. At 9:58 a.m. ET (1358 GMT), the Dow Jones industrial average was down 147.05 points, or 0.9 percent, at 16,167.62, the S&P 500 was down 20.15 points, or 1.04 percent, at 1,911.19 and the Nasdaq composite index was down 59.82 points, or 1.28 percent, at 4,626.67. "What we have here is a jittery market, and with two days left to the quarter I don't see much of a change in direction," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at Rockwell Global Capital in New York. "I think the markets will continue to hold the low end of the trading range." The CBOE Volatility index, known as Wall Street's "fear gauge", jumped 8 percent to 25.55, firmly above its long-term average of 20. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq closed lower on Friday, wiping out gains from a rally driven by Yellen's comments about a rate hike, as a selloff in biotechs offset gains in banking shares. The Dow ended higher. Alcoa's shares were up 2.7 percent at $9.32 after the aluminum producer said it would split into two publicly traded companies. Apple fell 1.8 percent to $112.63 despite reporting that it sold a record number of its new iPhones in the first weekend on the market. Media General soared 23.19 percent to $13.73 after Nexstar offered to buy the company in a deal valued at $4.1 billion. Nexstar was up 5 percent at $46.76. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,348 to 453. On the Nasdaq, 2,065 issues fell and 389 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed no new 52-week highs and 42 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded four new highs and 179 new lows. (Reporting by Abhiram Nandakumar and Sweta Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
Rising home prices aren't all good news By Kathryn Vasel @KathrynVasel Home prices are on the rise. But there's good news and bad news .  Nationwide , the median home price increased 8.2% to $229,400 in the second quarter compared to 2014, according to the National Association of Realtors.  First, the good news: Higher prices increase home equity and help bring some owners above water and increase their wealth.  "People with a lot of equity are more likely to start small businesses and are more likely to move up the economic ladder," said Bill Wheaton, an economics professor at MIT. "Having collateral propels you in life."  Now, the bad news: Incomes haven't kept up. While the unemployment rate has dropped from 10% in October 2009 to the current 5.1%, pay growth has been slow. Hourly earnings rose just 2.2% in August from the year before.  Sluggish wage growth makes it harder for buyers to enter the market -- particularly first timers and borderline borrowers.  "When home prices are far outstripping incomes, it will take out the marginal buyer who can qualify for a certain loan and down payment. If home prices continue to increase, those properties are no longer affordable," said Keith Gumbinger, vice president of HSH.com .  Related: Cities where wages are growing the fastest  Home prices have recovered unevenly across the housing spectrum. "Homes in the bottom third of the market are appreciating faster on an annual basis than those on the top," said Zillow's Chief Economist Svenja Gudell.  "At the same time, incomes at the bottom are flat, and sometimes even declining where incomes at the top are mildly rising."  According to Zillow, low-income households dedicate 26 cents of every dollar earned on a mortgage for a bottom-tier home. At the other end of the spectrum, high-income households spend 12 cents on the dollaron a mortgage for a high-end home.  While low mortgage rates have helped maintain some affordability, paying more toward housing means cutting back elsewhere.  Related: Here's what you need to earn to afford a home in these 27 cities  Home values still have a lot more room to run in many markets to get back to pre-recession levels, according to Gumbinger.  But in a hot market like San Francisco, where prices are rising among the fastest in the nation, residents are feeling the pressure.  "Existing folks can get crowded out due to rising costs, limited availability of homes or rentals that are accessible to them," he said. Home prices are up 9.5% annually in the City by the Bay.  Historically, San Francisco residents spent 37% of their incomes on mortgage payments, according to Gudell. Now, it's closer to 41%. And if mortgage rates rise to 5% -- which is still pretty low -- she expects residents to have to dedicate 50% of their incomes toward their payments.  "That is too much. You can't sustain that. If you think of the average worker, what are they to do?"
Other Articles India signs $3 bn deal to buy 15 Chinook, 22 Apache helicopters from US PM Narendra Modi, Prez Barack Obama hold talks Global slowdown won't effect Indian economy, says Arun Jaitley Confident about MUDRA loan scheme benefitting the weakest section of the society, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government’s intent is not to give any “buksheesh” (tip) but to make people economically self-sufficient. In a Facebook post, Jaitley said, “The model of the present Government is not to give ‘Buksheesh’ but to enable people to make them economically self-sufficient and live a life of dignity. MUDRA scheme will be a game changer over the next few years,” Jaitley, last week, launched a mega credit drive under the MUDRA scheme, under which banks, NBFCs and MFIs will provide loans between 50,000 to Rs 10 lakh to the unfunded sections of the society. “India may not be able to provide employment to all but our economy will strong enough to provide resources to the weakest to enable them to be self-employed and self-dependent,” Jaitley said in the post. Already Rs 24,000 crore of loans have been distributed to 37 lakh beneficiaries under the scheme. “I anticipate that this year the number of beneficiaries crossing 1.5 crores. This number will increase year after year,” the Finance Minister said. There are estimated 24 crore families in India. Thus at the bottom of the economic structure were these unfunded sections of the society, he said. They were dependent upon money lenders for loan on an exploitative rate of interest (24 to 36 per cent). India’s industrial, service and agricultural sector are still not strong enough to absorb them in the employment, he said. There are 5.7 crore entrepreneurs in the unorganised sector who are responsible for creating 11 crore jobs. Jailtey said MUDRA Yojna will continue for the next few years. “The targeted beneficiaries are six crore people who need to be developed into India’s small entrepreneurs. They will all be issued Debit Cards, which will allow them withdrawal of money through ATMs. These people cannot afford securities and hence the requirement of furnishing securities will not applicable for loans to them,” he said. These loans, he added will “not be given on the strength of personal and political connections” but linked to the business proposals of these potential entrepreneurs. In Mundra Yojna, there are 120 partners which include public sector banks, private sector commercial banks, regional rural banks, NBFCs and MFIs. In the current financial year, a total amount of Rs 1.22 lakh crore will be given to these unfunded sections of the Indian society, Jaitley said. The three categories of loans are: Shishu upto Rs 50,000; Kishore upto Rs 5 lakh and Tarun upto Rs 10 lakh. The Finance Minister said past experience has indicated that the recovery rate for such micro finance and similar loans is exceedingly high and the defaulter are few.  27, 2015 7:02 pm
Traction on Demand Acquires Toronto-Based Implementation Partner BigKite Consulting BigKite joins forces with Traction on Demand to unlock cloud technology potential in Toronto and beyond BURNABY, BC , Sept. 29, 2015 /CNW/ - Traction on Demand, a B.C.-based consulting and software development firm, has expanded its Eastern practice through the acquisition of top rated Toronto -based Salesforce.com implementation partner BigKite Consulting. Founded in 2010, BigKite has completed over 300 projects on the Salesforce.com platform and will complement Traction's existing offerings with its deep expertise in the retail, manufacturing and life science industries. "One of our greatest points of pride at Traction is that our growth to be the largest implementation partner in the Canadian marketplace, and one of the top globally, has been completely organic and not through M&A", says Greg Malpass , Traction's Founder and CEO. "When we met BigKite, we knew we had to reconsider that strategy. This is an organization we have respected from afar for years. They own one of the highest CSAT scores on the Salesforce Appexchange, they have a strong commitment to their team and they have been a tough competitor. We have much to learn from them and to share with them and we are honoured to have two incredible entrepreneurs and their team join the Traction family. This is a massive win for Tractionites, BigKiters, and our combined customers and partners." BigKite Co-Founder Rohan Verma believes the greatest value of the joining teams will be realized by their customers. "Both teams bring a wealth of experience and expertise to the table. As Salesforce continues to expand their offerings, so must their partners continue to develop innovative solutions alongside them. Traction is a leader in building those solutions and the BigKite team is excited to combine our people, products and ideas with theirs." Under the Traction brand, the two teams are excited to develop new use cases, solutions and products to better serve their customers. About Traction on Demand Traction is Canada's largest dedicated and most trusted Salesforce.com implementation partner with more than 1,800 completed projects throughout North America . Traction is an industry leader, having developed innovative cloud-based technology solutions for many of North America's largest companies as well as small- and medium-sized businesses. Maintaining a socially conscious mindset, Traction is one of the country's first 100 certified B Corporations and has been named one of the top ten best workplaces in Canada for two years running ( 2014 & 2015 ). In 2015 Traction ranked 21 st on the PROFIT 500 list of fastest growing companies in Canada . To learn more, visit www.tractionondemand.com .  SOURCE Traction on Demand  For further information: Media Contact, Kevin Murray, Manager, Alliances - Traction on Demand, E: kmurray@tractionondemand.com, T: 604.620.6040 (ext. 3055) C: 604.345.3969 RELATED LINKS
AGCO Corporation AGCO has introduced a new customer offering, Fuse Connected Services, through AGCO dealers. The services will assist customers to optimize their operation and maximize uptime. Moreover, it will help farmers improve overall farm efficiency by reducing maintenance and input costs while ensuring superior yields.  For ages, agricultural farmers have faced various risks including soil tailoring, crop management, climate change and so on. It was difficult for farmers to correlate production techniques and crop yields with land variability which limited their ability to develop the effective soil/plant treatment strategies that could have enhanced production. The introduction of precision farming supports production inputs management.  Fuse is AGCO’s next-generation approach to precision agriculture that connects the entire crop cycle from enterprise planning to planting, crop care, harvesting and grain storage. It also provides mixed-fleet farming operations, improved access to farm data, resulting in enhanced productivity and profitability.  Fuse blends the right machines, technology and parts supported by AGCO Service and AGCO Advanced Technology Solutions (ATS). The service will enable growers to make more informed business decisions through preventative maintenance, machine condition monitoring and year-round consultation.  Fuse Connected Services will be launched at select AGCO dealers in North America and Western Europe in the third and fourth quarters of 2015. At launch, two to three service packages will be available, varying by region, with various stages of firsthand support from dealers.  Level one will allow customers to conduct self-monitoring, data transfer and management plus set-up, calibration and operation support from the global Fuse Contact Center via phone, live chat and email. Higher level packages will offer proactive, remote condition monitoring by dealer experts, off-season inspections and reviews, operational consultation and training. Specific service packages and pricing will vary based on individual customer needs and dealer capabilities.  Services will be phased in gradually this year and next, starting with Challenger and Gleaner dealers in North America, followed by Challenger and Fendt dealers in Western Europe in the first half of 2016. Other markets are expected to begin piloting and offering Fuse Connected Services in 2016 and 2017.  Most of the Fuse Connected Services will be enabled by a new release of AGCO’s AgCommand telemetry product. Future releases of AgCommand will further enhance AGCO dealers’ customer support and remote monitoring capabilities.  Duluth, GA-based AGCO is a global leader focused on the design, manufacture and distribution of agricultural machinery. AGCO supports more productive farming through a full line of tractors, combines, hay tools, sprayers, forage equipment, tillage, implements, grain storage and protein production systems, as well as related replacement parts.  AGCO currently sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). Other favorably ranked stocks in the sector include Lindsay Corporation LNN, Titan International Inc. TWI and ACCO Brands Corporation ACCO. All these stocks carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).  Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days . Click to get this free report >>  Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report    AGCO CORP (AGCO): Free Stock Analysis Report    LINDSAY CORP (LNN): Free Stock Analysis Report    TITAN INTL INC (TWI): Free Stock Analysis Report    ACCO BRANDS CP (ACCO): Free Stock Analysis Report    To read this article on Zacks.com click here.    Zacks Investment Research Industrials Business AGCO Corporation
Watch Amy Poehler Sing Bette Midler's "The Rose" with Jack Black Some say love... is Amy Poehler belting out Bette Midl... Comment Waynesboro   TV Guide Posted Oct. 12, 2015 at 1:47 PM Updated at 3:19 PM Posted Oct. 12, 2015 at 1:47 PM Updated at 3:19 PM Some say love... is Amy Poehler belting out Bette Midler . In a performance that would put many Lip Sync Battle champs to shame, the Saturday Night Live alum surprised fans at Tenacious D 's third annual Festival Supreme Saturday to duet with Jack Black on Midler's classic "The Rose." Poehler's rock star look? Super bohemian, complete with sunglasses, a fur vest and a cigarette, natch. The actress appeared during the comedy portion of the show, but make no mistake, this was no send-up. Poehler's love for Midler is for real and well documented. "So I first met Bette Midler in my head when I watched the film The Rose in 1979. And since then, her and I have been best friends, in my head," she told Vulture last year. "In my head, she and I travel together, we have cut an album, and we pranked George Clooney. She's the godmother to the children of mine that she has never met, and once , Bette turned to me in a dream and said, 'Amy, you are the most talented person I've ever met. I hate to say this, this kills me, but you're more talented than me. God bless you and I release you to God,' and then she turned into a million doves and flew away." Watch her cover "The Rose" below. Other Links From TVGuide.com
-- Tim Callan, Chief Marketing Officer, SLI Systems -- Katy Tonkin, Vice President of Digital Strategy, Point It  WHAT  By connecting shoppers with the products they are most likely to buy via search, e-commerce retailers can increase site conversion 8-10 fold. The session offers intermediate-to-advanced level paid and organic search marketing tactics for the experienced digital retailer.  Tim Callan will discuss how to use data generated from site visitors to dynamically create powerful SEO-optimized landing pages. Katy Tonkin will offer ways to increase holiday revenue from paid search with dynamic ad formats. Both speakers will present strategies attendees can use immediately to fine-tune their search marketing campaigns.  Designed for mid-to-senior level executives, the session is for those passionate about ROI and revenue improvement in what is one of the most important and expensive customer acquisition channels - search marketing.  WHEN  Monday, October 5, 2015 from 9:40 AM - 10:20 AM  WHERE  Pennsylvania Convention Center: 1101 Arch St., Philadelphia, PA  To book a meeting with Tim Callan at Shop.org Digital Summit, please contact the SLI team at media.relations@sli-systems.com .  About SLI Systems SLI Systems (SLI.NZ) enables the world's leading e-commerce retailers to accelerate sales by connecting shoppers with the products they're most likely to buy. With offerings that include site search, navigation, merchandising, mobile, product recommendations and user-generated SEO, SLI is the most chosen cloud-based site search provider to U.S. Internet Retailer Top 1,000 retailers. The company's patented technology continuously learns from the actions of visitors to deliver the most relevant results possible. Whether via PC, tablet or phone, a site powered by SLI delivers the kind of satisfying search experience that increases conversion rates, secures brand loyalty and results in higher order values. SLI operates on five continents. For more information, visit www.sli-systems.com .  Connect with SLI:
"Shaandaar" alongside Alia   Clinton 'shouldn't
The Australian sharemarket opened the week slightly lower as investors weighed a mixed close on Wall Street, lingering concerns about global growth and US monetary policy. At the 10.15am (AEST) official market open, the benchmark S&P/ASX200 index fell 9.8 points, or 0.19 per cent, to 5032.3 points, while the broader All Ordinaries slipped 10.2 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5066.5 points. CMC chief market strategist Michael McCarthy said investor attention will turn to macro-economic data this week, with building approvals and retail sales figures both having the potential to move the local bourse. "However, the big news will flow from China and the USA," he said. "Concerns about economic growth in China make this Thursday’s official and private PMIs crucial. "The manufacturing and non-manufacturing data will drop side by side, offering a snapshot of where China stands right now." Materials weighed heaviest on the market, slumping 1.67 per cent. BHP Billiton lost 2.09 per cent to $22.45, while Rio Tinto gave up 2.25 per cent to $47.85. Energy stocks lost 0.73 per cent. Oil Search shed 1.72 per cent to $7.43, while Woodside Petroleum fell 0.48 per cent to $28.93. Consumer staples fell 0.11 per cent. Wesfarmers lifted 0.1 per cent to $39.19, while Woolworths gave up 0.28 per cent to $24.82. Financials added 0.31 per cent. Commonwealth Bank rallied 0.48 per cent lower at $71.78, while ANZ added 0.44 per cent to $27.12. National Australia Bank gained 0.7 per cent to $30.00 while Westpac added 0.4 cent to $30.07. Meanwhile, Qantas gained 0.54 per cent to $3.71, while Telstra fell 0.09 per cent to $5.665. Locally, no major economic or equities news is expected on Monday. In Australia, the market on Friday closed lower reversing early gains, with energy stocks pulling the stocks lower. The likes of Oil Search and Santos, plus all four big banks, lost ground and offset gains by retailers and the big miners. The benchmark S&P/ASX200 index was down 29.6 points, or 0.58 per cent, at 5,042.1 points. The broader All Ordinaries index was down 25.6 points, or 0.5 per cent, at 5,076.7 points.
Rising Rental Costs Can Jeopardize Boomers' Retirement 09/28/2015 - 4:04 PM EDT  NEW YORK (MainStreet) — If you think Millennials are struggling to find affordable rentals, think about their parents. A recent report from market intel provider RentRange and Washington, D.C.-based Real Property Management shows a year-to-date 6.1% uptick to $1,320 per month for rental rates for three-bedroom single-family homes.  That certainly raises the bar of affordability for recent graduates, but it also raises the threshold of comfortable living for cash-strapped retirees with a fixed monthly income, as well as pre-retirees—some of whom carry education loan debt on behalf of their children and many of whom are still recovering from the 2008 recession.  Real Property Management’s Bob Pifke says that just as Millennials take on housemates or roommates to cover the rent, Boomers may want to consider something similar. More Headlines Financial Literacy Is the New, Coveted Employer-Supplied Job Benefit  “Boomers should re-evaluate living alone," says Pifke. "Why not consider renting out an extra bedroom? Besides the income, they might find having a roommate rewarding.”  Also rewarding is shacking up with relatives. While 85% of seniors are heads-of-household, the U.S. Census’s most recent American Community Survey puts the number of seniors living in a house headed by their children, children-in-law-, or non-spousal relatives at 9% in 2012. The benefits of intergenerational living are well documented, as seniors find it easier to combat isolation and loneliness and the youngest members of the household find a sense of continuity and richer concept of family.  For Pifke, though, Boomers should think about other types of communal living situations with non-relatives—less "Frasier," more "Golden Girls," as 2% of seniors, according to the Census Bureau, already do. He also points to what he calls senior dormitories—a more institutional version of cohabitation.  “It seems improbable, but senior dormitories, or something similar to dormitories, might also be a solution,” he says, which could take a lesson from retirement homes (or, “senior living complexes”) that offer residents costly private amenities such as bathrooms and kitchens when, in fact, those amenities could be shared, communal spaces—thereby reducing costs. 1
Film Review: Guillermo del Toro's 'Crimson Peak' casts a gothic spell By JAKE COYLE AP Film Writer   14, 2015 - 9:35 amLast Updated: October 14, 2015 - 9:35 am    People:  United Kingdom (463)  The most pressing threat in Guillermo del Toro's gothic horror "Crimson Peak" isn't the ooze-filled cauldrons of dead souls in the basement of the old Victorian mansion, nor the plotting, black-clad sister (Jessica Chastain), who serves a bitterly poisonous tea.  It's the ever-lurking possibility that, at any moment, the lush, ornate tapestry of Del Toro's film might swallow its performers whole.  It would be a grand death.  "Crimson Peak" is so lovingly wrapped in the stylish trappings of the genre that it's one of the few movies you could say is worth it purely for the wallpaper.  It stars Mia Wasikowska, Tom Hiddleston and Jessica Chastain — a fine trio of actors. But the film's true above-the-title artists are more properly cinematographer Dan Laustsen, production designer Thomas Sanders and costume designer Kate Hawley, who under the lordly command of Del Toro, summon an atmosphere gaga with all things gothic.  "Crimson Peak" casts a spell that fails to quite hold, but it's unquestionably the work of a man who loves — I mean, really loves — movies.  It opens with a flashback and a promise from Edith Cushing (Wasikowska) that "ghosts are real." After the death of her mother, she (or at least a ghoulish ghostly of her) visits Edith with a frightful warning: "Beware of Crimson Peak." It's a message that curiously fails to impress.  The setting is turn-of-the-century Buffalo, where Edith lives with her father Carter Cushing (an excellent Jim Beaver). She wants to be a novelist, but her manuscript (a ghost story) is condescendingly rejected, praised only for feminine "loops" of her penmanship. Advised to write a love story, she pleads that the ghosts are a metaphor for the past.  Such is the tenor of Del Toro's fable, which he wrote with Matthew Robins. You wouldn't mistake it for Henry James or even for Hitchcock. The exquisite set design is more heightened than the emotions; the grotesques are too beautiful to be too deep.  From England, Thomas Sharpe (the splendid Tom Hiddleston) comes to town with his mysterious sister Lucille (Chastain), in search of a grant for a contraption of his invention to mine the red clay beneath their home. Cushing, an established business man, quickly rejects Thomas, but Edith doesn't.  The Sharpes have clearly duplicitous motives, but Edith swoons for Thomas. Just as they're departing Buffalo, Edith's father is killed. The scene is a beauty: in the steam and golden light of a morning bathhouse, an unseen assailant sneaks up to Carter and crushes his scull over a sink, leaving blood and water flowing from the cracked porcelain.  Edith and Thomas wed and the trio returns to the remote Sharpe family manor in England, Allerdale Hall, where the movie moves into its more sedate house-of-horrors second half. A hole in the roof pours light and autumn leaves down the center, red clay bubbles beneath the floor boards, ghosts lurk in the closets, the bath runs blood red and (horror of horrors) the kitchen could use granite counter tops. It's a fixer upper.  The movie settles into a "Notorious"-like plot where Edith is slowly poisoned while unearthing the Sharpe family secrets.  The rich atmosphere of "Crimson Peak" never wanes, but the story does. Having summoned the gothic ghosts, Del Toro never fully unleashes them. The director's dark fantasy masterpiece remains "Pan's Labyrinth," but his affection for gothic romance is infectious; he's surely, hopefully destined to adapt Dickins.  Even as his last film, the kaiju monster movie "Pacific Rim," proved, there may be no better conjurer of color in movies right now. His dreams, and nightmares, are in technicolor.  "Crimson Peak," a Universal Pictures release, is rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America for "bloody violence, some sexual content and brief strong language. Running time: 118 minutes. Three stars out of four.  MPAA Definition of R: Restricted. Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian.  Follow AP Film Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP  All content copyright ©2015 The Tribune, a division of Home News Enterprises unless otherwise noted.
New Communications Minister, Senator Mitch Fifield has signalled that the Turnbull government is open to including more fibre-to-the-premise in the national broadband network as the $56 billion project rolls out. In an interview with Fairfax Media, Senator Fifield said the current plans to have only 25 per cent of the population covered with FTTP technology were "not set in stone". He also said that the NBN, tackling mobile black spots and the digital government agenda were among his top priorities in the role, which he inherited from the now Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Speculation has been increasing that under Mr Turnbull the government is shifting in its attitude towards the high-speed, more expensive technology, with many in the tech industry hoping that a larger percentage of the population will be connected by FttP, as opposed to the cheaper, but slower fibre-to-the-node option. Advertisement Asked about the speculation, Senator Fifield replied: "The NBN as an organisation is technology agnostic. It's whatever of the currently four main mechanisms for providing connections for people is the right one which is the way the organisation goes. "But what that also means is that there could be a rebalancing between those four mechanisms, those current likely percentages are not set in stone. "So I am not signalling anything in relation to that other than to say the organisation is technology agnostic and things can evolve". Patchwork mix of technologies The Coalition's patchwork network plan scaled down the former Labor's government ambitious roll out plans, which were designed to offer 93 per cent of the population FTTP broadband. Under the current roll out plan only a quarter of the population will get FTTP broadband while 29 per cent will get fibre-to-the node (the street cabinet), 11 per cent fibre to the basement, 27 per cent hybrid fibre-coaxial cable, 5 per cent fixed wireless and the remaining 3 per cent, satellite coverage. Controversial plans by fast-growing internet service provider TPG to install its own FTTP network have raised question marks about the viability of the NBN's plan to reach a profit. Mr Fifield, who is a week into the new portfolio, declined to comment on TPG, saying it was not a matter he had yet looked at. Asked about his top priorities as Communications Minister, he said: "The way I frame the gig is that I am to some extent responsible for some of the sinews of the economy: communications, how we interact with each other in business and individually is a big chunk of this portfolio so I see it very much as an economic portfolio," he said. "Some of the top priorities are obviously the NBN, mobile blackspots and the digital government agenda, which I'm the minister assisting the Prime Minister on - that is just such an untapped opportunity on behalf of Australians because so much of the way government systems and processes have evolved have been on the basis of what suits government rather than on the basis of what suits the citizen." Changes unlikely Ovum analyst Dave Kennedy said the longer the Coalition's multi-technology-mix NBN plan continued, the harder it would become to change the proportions of the different technologies used, due to contracts being signed. NBN recently awarded the latest round of contracts for the FTTN rollout. "It is possible that there will be more FTTP in the future, but the recent trend is for it to reduce ... They need to actually deliver the rollout and cant just keep chopping and changing the proportions," Mr Kennedy said. "Once the network is rolled out in several years, then there may be prospects for upgrading some parts of the network to FTTP, and that will probably be done on a commercial basis, depending on demand in certain areas." Telsyte analyst Foad Fadaghi said it appeared Senator Fifield was simply demonstrating political savvy by giving broadband users hope that more will be done in the future. "It's prudent for a new govt to raise optimism - they are suggesting many reforms across the economy are 'not being ruled out' - this is much the same," Mr Fadaghi said. "It is also rational for the new minister to be open to the idea of increasing the FTTP footprint, given the growing demand for broadband that can handle concurrently applications in the home. The question is whether this renewed interest in FTTP will come to areas slated for FTTN or HFC, and if it's a direct response to some telcos deploying their own Fibre to the basement technology in built up areas."
Rihanna to perform at Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 14th Oct 2015 12:00 PM Local Real Estate Cars For Sale  RIHANNA, Selena Gomez and The Weekend are set to perform at this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.  The talented musicians have been announced as the acts to take to the stage at the runway event on December 8 in New York City as Angels Adriana Lima, Alessandra Ambrosia, Behati Prinsloo, Candice Swanepoel and Lily Aldridge strut their stuff down the catwalk in their jaw-dropping ensembles.  This will be the second time the 'Diamonds' hitmaker, 27, has performed at the annual event as she also took to the stage in 2012, before the headlining slot was swiped away from her by Taylor Swift, 25, for two years in 2013 and 2014.  However, this will be the first time for Selena, 22, but she will no doubt have no trouble getting to grips with the set-up as she'll be dished first-hand advice from her best friend Taylor.  The Canadian singer, 25 - whose real name is Abel Tesfaye - will also make his debut at the glamorous show but will feel right at home if his girlfriend Bella Hadid, 19, takes part in the catwalk gig, like she and her sister Gigi are rumoured to.  Meanwhile, the talented trio will follow in the footsteps of last year's acts Ariana Grande, Hozier and Ed Sheeran, who joined the 'Bad Blood' hitmaker at the event in London.  Justin Bieber, Jay Z, Maroon 5 and Nicki Minaj have also had the pleasure of fronting the glitzy runway show in previous years. fashion show
In case you hadn’t heard, BlackBerry has been working on their first smartphone that doesn’t run their own operating system. What OS does it run, you ask? Google, according to CEO John Chen. […] »
> Entertainment NYC art exhibition gives food for thought CORRECTS DATE THAT EXHIBITION ENDS TO APRIL 3, NOT APRIL 4 - Artist Pascal Bernier's mixed media taxidermic "Piglets Farm Set," appears among the works of 30 artists in the multimedia exhibition “The Value of Food: Sustaining a Green Planet” at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, Wednesday, Oct. 7, 2015, in New York. The exhibition, installed in the cathedral’s seven chapels and 14 bays, explores food accessibility, sustainability and other food-related issues and runs through April 3, 2016. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews)
Submitted by admin on 9/28/2015 @ 4:00 AM Companies mentioned in this article: Pepperdata  SUNNYVALE, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 09/28/15 -- Pepperdata , the leader in real-time cluster optimization, today announced it is eliminating a significant hurdle for Hadoop to become an essential enterprise data platform by adding a chargeback feature to more effectively measure and allocate the costs of increasing workloads across distributed systems. For the first time, IT can clearly see how much capacity each user or workload requires and allocate costs back to departments that share a centralized, multi-tenant Hadoop deployment.  While Hadoop adoption is rapidly growing among enterprises across every vertical industry, companies are struggling to make Hadoop a core part of their business processes. The primary roadblocks are predictability when supporting multiple users and departments on a single Hadoop cluster; effective utilization of systems running multiple, diverse workloads; and visibility into resource contention, performance issues, and cost allocation among departments.  "To realize business-driving, transformational outcomes, companies need to solve for three key things -- predictability, visibility, and utilization -- collectively. That requires making thousands of decisions a second to ensure optimal performance," said Sean Suchter, Co-founder and CEO, Pepperdata. "We've reached an inflection point where more Hadoop jobs from various departments are stomping on each other -- organizations can't count on those systems to run efficiently without the tools to optimize cluster performance at scale. That's the software gap in core Hadoop that we're solving for."  New Comprehensive Chargeback Feature Allows IT to Allocate True Costs As Hadoop becomes an increasingly large part of a company's IT spend, it's more important than ever that it be efficient and, as a shared resource, to ensure that SLAs are being met. When multiple departments are using shared infrastructure, one group's use of Hadoop must not slow down other jobs. To provide "internal Hadoop as a service" offerings, with many departments and hundreds or thousands of users running jobs on the same cluster, detailed visibility is also key.  As organizations scale their workloads using Hadoop, IT groups don't fully understand which departments or teams are most heavily using the shared infrastructure. Chargeback gives users the ability to track Hadoop usage per user, per workflow, and per department -- all in real time.  "Over the past year, Hadoop adoption has steadily accelerated from single instance applications in production environments to multi-tenant environments. Going forward, organizations need to be able to better manage these environments and measure and cost out the amount of resources consumed," said Nik Rouda, Senior Analyst at Enterprise Strategy Group. "The level of visibility and granularity that Pepperdata is delivering with its chargeback feature is incredibly valuable for organizations looking to integrate Hadoop into their standard business processes and put in place internal Hadoop as a service offerings."  The Pepperdata engineering team has been working with Hadoop since its earliest days -- when a few groups were exploring its use for research and building experimental projects. As more teams of developers realized its power, scale, and flexibility, it matured, and an ecosystem developed around it. Now, as Hadoop has entered a third phase, where businesses have started to run more workloads on the same cluster, they are realizing that out-of-the-box Hadoop doesn't have the predictability and performance needed to support broad use by every business unit within an organization.  The company's new chargeback feature adds reporting of company-wide and department-specific usage of key hardware resources. For the first time, central IT departments can accurately allocate the costs of running multi-tenant clusters and can use this information to measure infrastructure investment and build internal service offerings that can be charged back to relevant business groups.  About Pepperdata Pepperdata is the leader in real-time cluster optimization. Our software brings predictability to multi-tenant, production Hadoop environments for the first time. While Hadoop and YARN focus on getting jobs up and running on the cluster, Pepperdata monitors and controls hardware usage in real time so that customers can meet SLAs, increase throughput, and improve visibility.  Many of the world's largest companies trust Pepperdata software to make thousands of decisions a second to ensure that their applications get the performance they need. With Pepperdata, there's no more manual tweaking, tuning or over-provisioning in a futile attempt to guarantee performance. The software installs in minutes, runs on your existing clusters, and is compatible with all major Hadoop distributions.  To learn more, visit Pepperdata at www.pepperdata.com .
A new preview for the upcoming mini-series starring Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny makes the most of the sci-fi drama’s mythology A stylish new animated trailer for the upcoming X-Files mini-series features The Smoking Man (William B Davis), fan favourite the Flukeman (will Mulder and Scully be going back into the sewers?), a dash of black oil, a good old-fashioned UFO and, of course, their trusty FBI torches. The X-Files mini-series will start 24 January 2016 on Fox in the US, with a UK channel yet to be announced. This article was written by Richard Vine, for theguardian.com on Tuesday 13th October 2015 13.17 Europe/London guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media Limited 2010
Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...  Mon, Sep 28, 2015, 08:34 BST - UK Markets close in 7 hrs 56 mins Shell's Arctic oil search ends in failure with dry Alaskan well By Andrew Critchlow | Telegraph – 12 minutes ago 41.92 -2.58  Anglo Dutch company forced to suspend Alaskan oil search after exploration well finds little oil in the Chukchi Sea  Royal Dutch Shell (Xetra: R6C1.DE - news ) has been forced to abandon its search for oil in the Arctic waters off Alaska after its explotaion well tests found little resources in the area.  The company has said that it will cease further exploration activity in offshore Alaska for the foreseeable future after tests at its Burger J well in the Chukchi Sea found not enough oil and gas to justify development.  The Anglo-Dutch oil giant said that it expects charges for the decision and would update the market later on the financial implications of the move, with the company carrying a $3bn exposure on its balance sheet for the assets and a further $1.1bn in contractual committments, totalling $4.1bn (£2.6bn).  "Shell (LSE: RDSB.L - news ) continues to see important exploration potential in the basin, and the area is likely to ultimately be of strategic importance to Alaska and the US. However, this is a clearly disappointing exploration outcome for this part of the basin,” said Marvin Odum, director of Shell Upstream Americas.  Shell caused controversy with environmental campaigners with its decision to return to the Arctic this year after a three-year absence.  Shell was last forced to suspend drilling three years ago when its Kulluk drilling rig washed up on the coast of Alaska in 2012 following a storm at sea.  At the time, the failed attempt to find oil in Chukchi cost Shell around $5bn.  The Arctic is though to be one of the last great frontiers in oil exploration. According to estimates by energy consultants Wood Mackenzie, the region straddling territory belonging to Russia, Alaska, Norway, Greenland and Canada may hold as much as 166 billion barrels of oil equivalent.
Updated: 12:31 a.m. Monday, Oct. 12, 2015 | Posted: 12:28 a.m. Monday, Oct. 12, 2015 That New York twang: Nashville calls on Big Apple schools Related View Larger In this Oct. 5, 2015 photo, Liz Rose, center, a Grammy-award winning country music songwriter from Nashville, rehearses a song with students at Pelham Gardens Middle School in the Bronx borough of New York. Rose is working with the students through a program funded by the Country Music Association Foundation which provides a curriculum for teachers to develop language skills through the art of songwriting. (AP Photo/William Mathis) Sponsored Links The Associated Press NEW YORK —  As the Bronx middle schoolers harmonized in their auditorium and plucked out basic chords on ukuleles and guitars, in walked their music instructor, Liz Rose — a Grammy-award winning country songwriter from Nashville.  Rose has penned tracks for some of the biggest names in the business, including Taylor Swift. But on this recent fall day, she helped 19 students write an original tune called "Everybody's Perfect."  "Y'all are awesome," Rose said as she approached the stage. "Y'all made me cry."  Country music and New York City don't go hand in glove; the city has only one country radio station, which came on the air two years ago after a 17-year drought. Nonetheless, Music City musicians are partnering with a nonprofit that is providing music education in New York City schools to help boost it as a core subject.  The students at Pelham Gardens Middle School in the Bronx are among 500 students in 15 schools around the city to participate; they receive 10 lessons on how to write lyrics, and one class in each school has a videoconference session with a musician in Nashville.  The Nashville-New York connection is made through the Country Music Association Foundation, which began in 2006 to help fund music education programs in Nashville and is branching out across the country.  In recent years, it has donated to the New York-based nonprofit Education Through Music, which helps provide music education to all students in 50 low-income elementary and middle schools in all five city boroughs. It also works with Words & Music, based out of the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum in Nashville, which provides a curriculum for both music and language arts teachers to develop language skills through the art of songwriting.  The Country Music Association Foundation wanted to bring the two together, and the program was born.  Rose, who won a Grammy with Swift for best country song in 2010 for "White Horse," first met her students over Skype. Rose helped them write the lyrics for the song, which they performed this past week at All for the Hall, a benefit concert for education programs at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum at the Best Buy Theater in Times Square. Students shared the stage with Brad Paisley , Paul Simon and Carrie Underwood.  For many of the New York kids, country music was unfamiliar territory.  Corey Stuckey, 12, said he has been inspired to write songs in the past by hip-hop and R&B artists such as R. Kelly and Ludacris. But now he is opening up to country, too.  "I like country music because of the tone of it," the seventh-grader said. "It's kind of like reggae, but it's different because it's more calming."  Rose said she applied the same techniques she uses when collaborating with professionals. She had the students shout out whatever was on their minds, and they said things like, older kids are tall, ice cream and hallways. She quickly jotted down everything they said and then started to place the words together like puzzle pieces.  "It's not different for whoever you're writing with. It's about getting them to talk," she said. "And then I would ask them questions and put a line together."  Ultimately they wrote: "Everybody's Perfect," an homage to the difficulties of life at a new school.  Moesha Masters, 11, helped come up with the inspiration for the title.  "I moved a lot and it was hard making friends," she said. "And I realized I'm not perfect. But after I looked at that I realized everyone's perfect in other ways."  "Ice cream, money and MetroCards and full backpacks and school is hard!" the students sang. With lots of oohs and aahs and an upbeat, catchy melody, the students' song emulated more the contemporary pop-country of Taylor Swift than the old-country twang.  Peter Pauliks, director of programs for Education through Music, urged the students at the rehearsal to enunciate every word so that a diverse audience would understand the song's message.  "In Nashville, I don't think they even have MetroCards," he reminded them.  Kyle Young, chief executive officer of the Country Music Hall of Fame, says he was moved when he saw the students from the Bronx onstage at All for the Hall, dressed in their blue school uniforms under T-shirts for Words & Music and Education Through Music.  "This is why we go to work every day," he said. "It's not about the genre, it's about giving kids an opportunity to express themselves and create." Copyright The Associated Press Sign up for our WHIO-TV Daily Headlines Newsletter Sign Up
Guwahati - Rescuers were searching on Tuesday for about 20 people feared missing after a boat capsized and sank in a rain-swollen river in remote northeast India, a government official said. The motorised ferry was taking about 100 villagers to a popular boat race in Assam state when it hit a bridge pylon and overturned on the Kolohi river late on Monday, a top district administrator told AFP. "The village headman who jumped out first from the boat told us that some 80-90 of his fellow passengers swam to safety," said Vinod Seshan. "There are apprehensions about some 20 other people but no one has reported any person missing to the police as yet. But we have restarted rescue operations this morning," he told AFP.
MNCs get notice to stump up taxes on salary of expats By Deepshikha Sikarwar , ET Bureau | 11 Sep, 2015, 01.50AM IST ET SPECIAL: Love visual aspect of news? Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! NEW DELHI: Service tax authorities have issued notices to Indian arms of several multinational firms asking them to stump up taxes on salary payments by their parent into expatriate managers' overseas bank accounts, potentially igniting a confrontation at a time the government is trying to roll out the red carpet to global businesses. A posting in India often qualifies as "expat terms" assignment at many MNCs in which Indian arms remit a portion of salaries of expats to the parent for transfer to employees' bank accounts back home.Tax authorities say this transfer should attract service tax and argue that the practice of transferring salaries for work done in India to foreign accounts by the parent company, which is later reimbursed by the Indian entity, makes it akin to supply of manpower. This makes it a service that needs to be taxed. Tax practioners say showcause notices have been issued to many firms across sectors, and if enforced, the tax claims could make it costlier for companies to employ expats in India. Tax experts estimate that the total liability could run into hundreds of crores of rupees. Tax authorities claim that since there is a "manpower supply service" rendered by a foreign company to the Indian entity, service tax should be paid on the 75 per cent of the salary transferred to the parent. They contend that since there is an import of service involved, the Indian company becomes liable to pay under a so-called 'reverse charge mechanism'. There have been judicial pronouncements on the issue favouring companies, and tax authorities in some jurisdictions have even taken note of them by dropping tax demands. But some fresh notices on the issue has left the industry confounded, although a service tax official played down the issue saying these notices could be recurrent ones. India's tax regime has attracted lot of criticism in recent years, with investors and companies alike complaining about arbitrary and extreme interpretations of rules. The most high profile of them was the case involving British telecom giant Vodafone , on which the tax authorities imposed a demand worth billions of dollars. When the government lost the case in court, it carried out a retrospective amendment to the income tax laws to force the company to pay the tax, a move that made headlines around the world and became a sore point with many international businesses. More recently, the levy of minimum alternate tax (MAT) on foreign portfolio investors raised a global outcry. The Narendra Modi-led NDA government that promised a stable and non-adversarial tax regime soon after taking over promised not to open fresh cases under the retro law and has accepted the high-profile panel headed by AP Shah to sort out the MAT issue in investors' favour. India is home to tens of thousands of expat workers across sectors. According to a HSBC survey, sectors such as telecommunication, information technology and Internet businesses account for 21 per cent of total expats working in India, followed by construction and engineering at 19 per cent. The 2014 survey pointed that 23 per cent of expats working in India were from the United Kingdom , followed by the United States at 14 per cent and Japan and Canada at 7 per cent each. Most multinationals employing expat managers in India follow a practice wherein around 25 per cent salary is paid into Indian bank accounts, with the balance deposited in the foreign bank account of the employees. For this amount, the Indian subsidiary of the multinational company requests its foreign parent to directly remit the amount in the employees' overseas bank account of the expat and the foreign company is paid the 75 per cent cost by the Indian company. Tax experts say it's common for multinationals firms to post expat managers in senior positions at their Indian arms for which the local entity often issues employment letters. "Expats pay Indian income tax on salary received and effectively work as an employee of the Indian entity. In these circumstances, demand of service tax on the basis of salary paid in foreign exchange in their bank accounts outside India or by the parent entity (later reimbursed by Indian entity) is not justified," said Pratik Jain , partner at KPMG India. Jain said the government should clarify what would constitute such employment. "What should be seen is as to whether 'effective employment' of such people has been transferred to the Indian entity or not," he said. Experts also suggest that companies put in place robust paperwork to establish precise nature of the employee-employer relationship. "All Indian companies need to re-look at their arrangements with foreign entity. A robust documentation and proper agreement may save them from a 14 per cent service tax being levied as import of services should the expatriates be the employees of the Indian company," said Anita Rastogi , partner-indirect taxes at PwC.
Mozambique: Police, Renamo in Deadly Clash editorial  Regulators and Information, Communication and Technology ministers from Kenya, Rwanda, Uganda, and South Sudan met on Thursday to find ways of harmonising laws on SIM card registration.  This is part of wider ongoing consultations seeking to address rising crime perpetrated through mobile devices.  The plans is also part of the One Network Area agreement by the four countries meant to increase ease of doing business in the region.  Properly enforced, SIM card registration would drastically curb crime and also reduce the success rate of terrorist attacks.  FOSTERING GROWTH  Kenya's lesson on this could help drive the conversation, coming at a time when the country is marking two years since the Westgate attack, whose success was largely due to the use of unregistered SIM cards, making it difficult to track communication between the criminals.  And with an increasingly large number of people accessing internet and financial services through handheld mobile devices, registration of SIM cards could guarantee security and foster growth by keeping criminals at bay.  For the plan to work even better, Uganda, Rwanda, and South Sudan need to give their citizens national identification cards. Kenya  The Employment and Labour Relations Court Friday broke the stalemate over teachers' pay by directing them to return to … see more » Copyright © 2015 The Nation. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .
Rush Street Gaming Please replace the release with the following corrected version due to multiple revisions.  CHICAGO -- (BUSINESS WIRE) -- The corrected release reads: RUSH STREET INTERACTIVE LAUNCHES ONLINE CASINO4FUN FOR PHILLY’S SUGARHOUSE CASINO  Rush Street Interactive, the online division of Chicago-based Rush Street Gaming, today announced the launch of CASINO4FUN TM for SugarHouse Casino in Philadelphia. The CASINO4FUN site, which is powered by a proprietary Internet gaming platform owned by Rush Street Interactive, enables visitors to the SugarHouse website to play online slots and table games for free and to purchase virtual credits good for further free play.  The site also includes a unique separate daily digital wheel promotion which offers players a one per day opportunity to win real prizes that are redeemable by visiting the SugarHouse Casino property. Real prizes include free slot play, dining comps, virtual credits and more. All CASINO4FUN players must be at least 21 years old; the site includes industry-leading functionality for age verification and player eligibility.  Dozens of popular slots including "Classic Goldfish” and “Jacks or Better” video poker, in addition to single deck and multi-hand blackjack, are immediately available with additional content to be introduced on an ongoing basis. Games are available for all mobile devices, tablets, desktop and laptop computers. Registration is free and easy at www.sugarhousecasino.com/casino4fun .  “We’re excited to offer our guests, casino enthusiasts and those new to online fun an exciting experience while they’re away from our brick-and-mortar casinos properties," said Greg Carlin, CEO of Rush Street Gaming.  “SugarHouse Casino is thrilled by the opportunity to debut this entertaining marketing program,” said Linda Powers, vice president of marketing at SugarHouse Casino. “We realize that our SugarHouse Casino guests have a wide and ever-increasing range of entertainment options to select from online, so we’re particularly excited to use the CASINO4FUN program as a dynamic marketing tool to keep the SugarHouse Casino brand ‘top of mind’ for our players in the digital world."  SugarHouse Casino is owned and operated by an affiliate of Rush Street Gaming. Related online gaming initiatives are underway or planned at other Rush Street-affiliated casinos, pending regulatory approvals.  Richard Schwartz, president of Rush Street Interactive, added, “As Pennsylvania and other states contemplate legalizing online gaming, CASINO4FUN will provide our affiliated brick-and-mortar casinos with the potential opportunity to both convert play-for-fun patrons to play-for-real money players and increase the engagement levels of existing customers.”  About Rush Street Gaming  Founded by Neil Bluhm and Greg Carlin, Rush Street Gaming and its affiliates have developed and operate successful casinos in Pittsburgh, Philadelphia and Des Plaines, IL (Chicago area). By placing an emphasis on superior design and outstanding customer service, Rush Street Gaming has become one of the leading casino developers in the United States. Rush Street casinos generate more than $1 billion in annual gaming revenues, and all Rush Street Gaming casinos have been voted a “Best Place to Work” or “Top Workplace” by their team members. For more information, visit rushstreetgaming.com . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150928006515/en/ Copyright © Business Wire 2015
Other Articles Editorial: The China opportunity Editorial: Financed from India Blinkered View In a word, nothing. Of course, the question itself is wrong. The right question is: “What do I do about my FX risk given that the rupee is, once again, behaving like a mad person?” Now, the answer to that question is a whole lot easier. First off, we all recognise that the rupee, while impossible to forecast exactly, does appear to follow a pattern where it stays steady (or slightly strong) for a period, then falls sharply, sometimes recovering a bit; then it goes steady again, falls again, and so on. The other “known” is that the forward premiums are quite high—around 7% a year. Thus, if you are an exporter, every day that you don’t hedge, you are losing premium, unless the rupee depreciates to make up for the premium loss. But how do you decide whether to hedge or to wait? Well, the first rule is to recall that a bird in the hand is always worth more than two in the bush. The difficulty is that the rupee sometimes falls by 8-10% in a matter of weeks, which makes the bird in the hand (7%) appear less attractive. Nonetheless, prudence (and good sense) suggests it is foolish to pass up the sure thing. I would point out that if you had hedged on a 12-month export every day from January 1 to September 7, in 2014, you would have gained on average more than Rs 2 compared to the spot on the due date—and this includes the recent period of sharp rupee depreciation. Thus, I would insist on a significant cover of 12 month forward exports at (or close to) inception. Beyond that, the due date realisation should be monitored closely and, if, after a short period—say, 2 months—the value has not improved materially, I would initiate a programme to exit the position on any further adverse movements. On the other hand, if, after a couple of months, the exposure was in the money—i.e., the due date rate was better than the day 1 forward—I would ride the wave as long as I could; again, however, I would build in a certain amount of prudence so as not to lose substantial gains that accrue—we all know that markets can turn on themselves quite quickly and viciously. To be sure, this approach would result in opportunity losses on some occasions, but, on balance, I believe this is the percentage play. Indeed, a programme that we have developed following these principles very comfortably beats a 50% hedge—both when the rupee collapses and when it doesn’t. Incidentally, if you are not consistently able to beat a 50% hedge, your hedge strategy needs modification. Importantly, the tenor of the risk is quite important. On a 6-month export exposure, I would hedge at inception, but not as much as I would with a 12-month exposure, since the difference between any potential sharp collapse of the rupee and the (shorter tenor) premium is quite substantial. In turn, I would ride the initial hedge for a shorter period before topping it up. For even shorter tenors, paradoxically, it may make sense to hedge the highest percentage. The conceptual reason for this is that even though the premium is relatively modest, the probability of the rupee tanking over the short tenor is quite low. Note, all of this does not at any point talk about where the rupee will head—as already mentioned and as we all know, more so these past few weeks, it is impossible to forecast the rupee (or any other asset) accurately. But, this doesn’t mean it isn’t possible to make money (or save money) by using an intelligent process-driven approach. Turning all the above on its head for import positions, each day you don’t hedge you are saving money. Thus, the default situation should be a very low initial hedge; however, the programme should require very well-articulated small hedges as time passes and with a very tight and disciplined stop-loss. Our import hedging approach delivers a cost that is on average more than 2% better than a 50% hedge and savings of 2.5-3% from hedging on Day 1. The key in all this is to stay calm—a tall order in today’s market, I know. Many companies are sitting on hedged exports, which are out of money; others have unhedged imports, which are burning a flaming hole in their hearts and pockets. On the exports side, since these are generally only opportunity losses, it should be relatively easy to focus on fresh exposures. Importers, however, are really feeling the pain and they need to separate out exposures already heavily out of the money and manage them separately—by either biting the bullet or setting (and observing) fresh stop-losses—but very, very importantly, focus on exposures afresh. The author is CEO, Mecklai Financial  09, 2015 12:15 am
Sept 28 Cegedim SA : * H1 operating income 15.0 million euros vs 16.2 million euros ($18.2 million) year ago * H1 consolidated profit group share 24.2 million euros vs loss of 17.4 million euros year ago * H1 EBITDA 40.3 million euros vs 36.5 million euros year ago * H1 revenue 246.1 million euros vs 238.6 million euros year ago * Confirms its expectation of like-for-like revenue growth from continuing activities of 2.5 pct for 2015 * Confirms its expectation of underlying EBIT growth of 10 pct Source text: bit.ly/1iWwGbX Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.8902 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Algorithm finds best places to put cameras for 3-D reconstructions September 28, 2015  An online algorithm devised by Disney Research enables filmmakers to determine the optimal number and location of cameras for capturing a given scene, enabling them to amass the data that they increasingly want and need during post-production.  With sufficient information about the billions of light rays emanating from a scene, for instance, filmmakers can use computational techniques to relight the set virtually, to generate new viewpoints and to digitally recover the detailed 3-D shapes and layout of a scene, or even of an actor's face.  But knowing where to place cameras can be tricky, said Changil Kim, a Ph.D. student in computer graphics at Disney Research and ETH Zurich. If cameras are few and far between, the chances that a location will be blocked by an object in the foreground are increased. And if cameras are too close together, the differences in successive views can become too tiny to provide any value or useful information.  "To solve this, we focused on the problem of automatic online view-sampling, where each new view results in the best possible additional shape reconstruction incrementally," Kim said. At each iteration, the algorithm he and his colleagues developed adds a camera view and calculates a depth map of a scene; this process continues until the last camera view added results in a negligible improvement.  If there is a limit on the number of cameras available, the algorithm can stop at that number, providing an optimal spacing and placement of that number of cameras.  The Disney researchers presented their findings at the International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP 2015) in Quebec City. Conference organizers have recognized their report as among the top 10 percent of papers being presented this year.  The researchers compared their new method with regular sampling on both synthetic and real scenes and showed they could recover high quality detail with fewer than half the number of cameras required for regular sampling.  "Our online sampling analysis considers the statistics of the very scene being captured and thus results in a significant win over dense, arbitrarily or regularly placed cameras," said Kenny Mitchell, a senior research scientist at Disney Research. 2 hours ago 0 Disney researchers reconstruct detailed 3D scenes from hundreds of high-resolution 2D images July 19, 2013  Investigators at Disney Research, Zürich have developed a method for using hundreds of photographic images to build 3D computer models of complex, real-life scenes that meet the increasing demands of today's movie, TV and ... New method automatically edits footage from cameras into coherent videos August 8, 2014  Video cameras that people wear to record daily activities are creating a novel form of creative and informative media. But this footage also poses a challenge: how to expeditiously edit hours of raw video into something watchable. ... Robotic camera mimics human operators to anticipate basketball game action January 7, 2015  Automated cameras make it possible to broadcast even minor events, but the result often looks...well, robotic. Now scientists at Disney Research have made it possible for robotic cameras to learn from human operators how ... Algorithm combines videos from unstructured camera arrays into panoramas May 4, 2015  Even non-professionals may someday be able to create high-quality video panoramas using multiple cameras with the help of an algorithm developed by a team of Disney researchers. Researchers leverage redundancy in casually shot videos to enable scene-space effects August 5, 2015  The same sort of video processing effects that usually require video to be shot in controlled environments where 3-D positions of cameras and objects are precisely known can be achieved with real-world, handheld video shot ... Depth-sensing camera gleans 3-D information in bright sunlight as well as darkness August 10, 2015  Depth-sensing cameras, such as Microsoft's Kinect controller for video games, have become widely used 3-D sensors. Now, a new imaging technology invented by Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Toronto addresses ... Recommended for you New tech automatically 'tunes' powered prosthetics while walking September 28, 2015  When amputees receive powered prosthetic legs, the power of the prosthetic limbs needs to be tuned by a prosthetics expert so that a patient can move normally - but the prosthetic often needs repeated re-tuning. Biomedical ... A light touch: Embedded optical sensors could make robotic hands more dexterous September 28, 2015  Optical sensors may be uniquely suited for use in robotic hands, according to Carnegie Mellon University researchers who have developed a three-fingered soft robotic hand with multiple embedded fiber optic sensors. They also ... New technique could make cement manufacturing carbon-neutral September 28, 2015  Concrete surrounds us in our cities and stretches across the land in a vast network of highways. It's so ubiquitous that most of us take it for granted, but many aren't aware that concrete's key ingredient, ordinary portland ... Research finds automated voice imitation can fool humans and machines September 28, 2015  University of Alabama at Birmingham researchers have found that automated and human verification for voice-based user authentication systems are vulnerable to voice impersonation attacks. This new research is being presented ... A folding robot weighing four grams that crawls and jumps September 28, 2015  Researchers at EPFL have come up with a folding, reconfigurable robot that is capable of crawling and jumping. Modelled on the inchworm, it represents a new paradigm in robotics. A rechargeable battery to power a home from rooftop solar panels September 24, 2015  A team of Harvard scientists and engineers has demonstrated a rechargeable battery that could make storage of electricity from intermittent energy sources like solar and wind safe and cost-effective for both residential and ...
By ANNABELLE LIANG Associated Press SINGAPORE (AP) - A Filipino nurse working in Singapore was sentenced Monday to four months in jail for describing Singaporeans as losers on his Facebook, and subsequently providing false information to police investigators. Ello Ed Mundsel Bello, 28, pleaded guilty to a charge of promoting feelings of ill-will and hostility under the country's sedition act, and two charges of providing false information to the police. An additional charge under the sedition act, and another for lying to the police, was also considered during sentencing. In a Facebook post on Jan. 2 that received more than 600 hostile replies, Bello called Singaporeans "loosers (sic) in their own country". Singapore will soon be the "new Filipino state," he wrote. He added: "We take their jobs, their future, their women, and soon, we will evict all SG loosers out of their own country." The Filipino also stated that he was "praying that disastors (sic) strike Singapore and more Singaporeans will die," and that he would "celebrate" if this happened. Following the hostility his comments generated, Bello deleted them and lodged a police report, claiming that someone logged into his Facebook account without permission. Bello was dismissed from his job at Singapore's Tan Tock Seng Hospital after it was discovered that he had made three other similar online posts in 2014. In sentencing Bello, district judge Siva Shanmugam emphasized that xenophobic comments had no place in cosmopolitan Singapore as they posed "a threat to our social stability and security". "The local-foreigner divide has remained a challenging fault line in our society in recent times," Shanmugam said. "Unlike the limited effect and reach of distinct racial or religious issues, this divide affects all and sundry and cannot be regarded as any less delicate or sensitive in the current context," he added. The sedition charge is deserving of a three-month jail term, said Shanmugam, who took into account Bello's status as a first-time offender. Two counts of providing false information to public officers were awarded a month in jail each, with punishment on these counts running consecutively. On Aug. 27, Philippine authorities said they respected the decision of Singapore's court to convict Bello of sedition. Bello, who was dressed in white and brown prison garb, looked straight ahead as the judgment was read in a relatively empty courtroom. The maximum punishment for inciting feelings of ill-will and hostility between different races or classes of Singapore's population is a three-year jail term and a 5,000 Singapore dollars ($3,555) fine. For giving false information to the police, offenders face a punishment of up to a year in jail and a fine of 5,000 Singapore dollars ($3,555). Singapore courts have in the past similarly punished offenders for making public remarks seen as seditious and likely to stir racial trouble. About 40 percent of Singapore's population of 5.47 million is made up of foreigners, most of them from neighboring countries including the Philippines. A large number of Filipinos work in the hospitality, medical and entertainment industries. Singapore citizens' three main races are Chinese, Malay and Indians.
Companies mentioned in this article: Anuta Networks, Inc.  MILPITAS, Calif. -- (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Anuta Networks , the leading provider of network services orchestration solutions, today announced that the University of British Columbia (UBC) is in production testing for the Anuta NCX orchestration solution for SDN-based campus networks. By introducing Anuta Networks’ self-service capabilities throughout its hundreds of geographically-dispersed departments, UBC will be better equipped to deliver critical campus services on demand, cost-effectively and in less time.  UBC is one of Canada’s top 3 universities, and one of the top 20 public universities in the world. Its IT team supports 60,000 students across 300 buildings, and its network team has averaged 200+ hours monthly on change tickets for end-to-end segmentation.  After evaluating multiple leading vendors, UBC has found that Anuta NCX for large scale, next-generation network services delivers exceptional business value. Anuta NCX offers an unmatched rich YANG model-driven architecture, and securely supports many deployments including campus, DC, MPLS, and WAN automation at production scale.  The NCX easy-to-use design will enable the UBC network team to rapidly design agile network services and publish them to self-service catalogs. Upon a service request, NCX orchestrates hundreds of multi-vendor devices using complete IP address management, delivering the virtualized network within a few minutes. The NCX solution will substantially reduce the UBC network team’s on change requests. NCX also will enhance the overall network security through standardized workflows, improved compliance and audit history.  “Our latest NCX deployment at UBC further confirms that campus networks can greatly be enhanced with SDN solutions,” said Srini Beereddy, CTO, Anuta Networks. “Best of all, enterprises across all industries can instantly use NCX and deliver innovative value to their specific customers within a few days.”  About Anuta Networks:  Anuta Networks is the industry-first provider of end-to-end network services virtualization solutions for large, medium enterprises and service providers. The Company’s Network Services solutions help organizations of all sizes accelerate deployments of network infrastructures and bring agility to the network. Anuta Networks’ partnerships with industry leaders such as Cisco Systems, F5 Networks, VMware and many others further enable customers to rapidly transform their network services in agile infrastructure deployments. Anuta Networks was founded in 2010 by industry veterans with deep expertise in Enterprise, Data Center, Virtualization, Network and Systems Management. The Company is headquartered in Silicon Valley with offices in Japan, Australia, Ireland, France and India.  Follow Anuta Networks on the web at:
Thumbnail September 29, 2015 12:00 PM    ENDICOTT, N.Y.- For the first time, airline passengers will be able to enjoy movies fresh from theaters streamed to their personal devices on flights equipped with BAE Systems’ IntelliCabin® wireless In-Flight Entertainment (IFE) solution. IntelliCabin is the first IFE solution in the commercial airline industry to secure approval from a major Hollywood studio for the streaming of early window content — movies recently out of theaters, but not yet available for home viewing — to both passenger- and airline-owned devices.  “The IntelliCabin solution is the premium wireless IFE system on the market today,” said Jared Shoemaker, director of cabin systems at BAE Systems. “We are now able to provide airlines with the extraordinary capability to stream early window content to passengers’ devices. This is a game changer for our industry and will enable airlines to provide exceptional travel experiences to all its passengers.”  With this approval, the early window content will be streamed from a server locally installed on the aircraft. For approval to share such content, the IntelliCabin IFE system successfully satisfied rigorous data security requirements to safeguard copyrights.  BAE Systems’ wireless IFE solution is one component of the company’s IntelliCabin suite of products, which provides an integrated, scalable approach to aircraft cabin management through in-seat power, in-flight entertainment, and integrated cabin systems. Contacts
Other Articles Google to provide wi-fi at 500 Indian railway stations ICDS may lead to extra tax burden for banks in FY16 NMDC margins shrink as ore prices hit 5-year low Intending to become a partner in the ambitious Digital India programme, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella today said his company will take low cost broadband technology to some five lakh villages across the country. Speaking at a dinner hosted here in honour of visiting Prime Minister Narendra Modi , Nadella said that Microsoft wants to make things and make things happen. In his remarks, Nadella said Microsoft’s plan is to partner with the Indian Government to bring in low-cost broadband connectivity to 500,000 villages in India. “We believe that lost-cost broad band connectivity coupled with the scale of cloud computing intelligence that can be harnessed from data can help drive creativity, efficiency and productivity across governments and businesses of all sizes,” the first Indian-American Microsoft CEO said. This in turn, he argued, would drive more affordable products and services and access to opportunity to all of India. To that end, next week Microsoft would announce availability of its cloud services operating out of India’s data centers. “This is a big milestone,” he said. “A key part of both Make in India and Digital India, bringing world class infrastructure into India, respecting India’s digital security, sovereignty and privacy is a key milestone for us,” Nadella said.  27, 2015 2:25 pm
PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- An American missionary who had been working in Haiti for many years was fatally shot by gunmen in the impoverished country's capital as she sat behind the wheel of her car on a residential street, colleagues and police said Monday. Haitian National Police spokesman Frantz Lerebours said the attackers also kidnapped a 4-year-old child from missionary Roberta Edwards' car after shooting her at close range. It was not immediately clear if the child was one of the roughly 20 youngsters who received foster care at the children's home that she ran in Port-au-Prince. "Investigators are working to find the killers and the kidnapped child," said Lerebours, adding the incident occurred Saturday evening in the Croix-des-Bouquets district. The Estes Church of Christ, based in Henderson, Tennessee, said the missionary's car was intentionally blocked Saturday evening by another motorist. Armed men got out of the car, fired into Edwards' vehicle and killed her. The slain American ran the Sonlight Children's Home since 2002, according to the Tennessee church that oversaw her work in Haiti. She also directed a nutrition center that provided two meals a day, five days a week, to 160 poor youngsters, who also received funding for school fees. Elders from the Estes Church said Edwards was a "light" to many and dedicated her life to bringing hope to the hopeless. "It is our intention to honor her memory by continuing the battle against Satan in Haiti and pressing on in the work of God's kingdom," the group said in a statement posted on their website. Friends say she was originally from North Carolina, but she had a home in Henderson and regularly returned to the United States from her Haiti base. Burt Nowers, president of the Healing Hands International religious group in Nashville, said in a phone interview that Edwards was well aware of the challenges of working in Haiti's capital and owned a handgun for protection. "She knew it was a dangerous place and she took precautions. It just didn't work out for her this time," Nowers said, adding that Edwards first moved to Haiti roughly two decades ago with her Haitian husband, but the marriage didn't last. Nowers, whose organization worked with Edwards on projects over the years, said he was told that two older boys who received care at the children's home were in the car with the missionary when she was attacked but they escaped harm. In May 2014, another U.S. missionary was stabbed to death in Haiti's capital. George Knoop, a 77-year-old elder with the Quisqueya Chapel in Haiti, was attacked inside his rental home and a computer was apparently stolen during the attack. The killing of the retired teacher from Chicago remains unsolved. For decades, missionaries from across the globe have run hospitals, orphanages, schools and food-distribution sites in Haiti, the hemisphere's poorest country.
Akumina to be a gold sponsor of SharePoint Fest in Chicago, Illinois at McCormick Place December 8-10, 2015 Chicago, Illinois (PRWEB) September 29, 2015 Akumina will be a gold sponsor of SharePoint Fest Chicago and will join other sponsors in bringing this conference to McCormick Place in Chicago, Illinois, December 8-10, 2015. About Akumina InterChange, Akumina's platform built using SharePoint-as-a-Service, allows businesses to realize the full promise of SharePoint. InterChange users can accomplish content and site management tasks without ever being exposed to SharePoint's UI. Additionally, InterChange simplifies the creation, extension and management of SharePoint web parts and improves upon SharePoint's default presentation ensuring mobility and adoption. The platform allows CIOs to empower subject matter experts to manage their own content and build their own pages without being exposed directly to SharePoint, on any device. With Interchange, organizations see dramatically increased ROI on their SharePoint investment, while driving end-user adoption and eliminating the need for redundant content platforms and heavy investment in ongoing training. Akumina boasts an executive team with better than 50 years of combined experience successfully delivering web software solutions to companies that range from small & medium businesses to fortune100 heavy-weights. Akumina's customer base includes Walmart, Dolby Laboratories, National Oilwell Varco and Manulife. Web Site: http://www.akumina.com About SharePoint Fest All of our SharePoint Fest training conferences have workshops and classes created for SharePoint administrators, information architects, power users, knowledge workers, business analysts and software developers. You and your team will walk away with as much knowledge as you desire to truly leverage SharePoint in your current environment! Web Site: http://www.sharepointfest.com/Chicago  //www.prweb.com/releases/2015/07/prweb12861731.htm
Dance Moms' Abby Lee Miller Indicted for Fraud Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller has been in... Comment The Mexico Ledger - Mexico, MO By TV Guide Posted Oct. 14, 2015 at 12:42 PM Updated at 2:46 PM Posted Oct. 14, 2015 at 12:42 PM Updated at 2:46 PM Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller has been indicted on fraud charges, Pittsburgh's Action News 4 reports. Miller was indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of bankruptcy fraud, concealment of bankruptcy assets, and false bankruptcy declarations, allegedly hiding approximately $755,000. "Federal bankruptcy proceedings can be a lifesaver for honest individuals overwhelmed by debt resulting from any number of legitimate reasons, but allegations of fraud and abuse threaten the integrity of the bankruptcy process and the public's trust in it. We take our responsibility to pursue allegations of bankruptcy fraud seriously," said Special Agent in Charge Scott S. Smith of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Pittsburgh Division. The 20-count indictment alleges that when Miller reorganized her dance studio in 2010, she schemed to defraud the bankruptcy court by hiding the income she earned in 2012 and 2013. She allegedly created bank accounts to hide the income and instructed others to conceal income. Other Links From TVGuide.com
opinion By Magesha Ngwiri  When Budalang'i MP Ababu Namwamba announced earlier this week his intention to table an important Bill which could rescue the Jubilee government from a headache that has been nagging it for a considerable period now - the teachers' strike - I thought he was on to a good thing.  In fact, I thought that a sensible solution to the myriads of problems assailing this country had at last come from the mouthpiece of the Orange Party.  After all, Mr Namwamba is the party's Secretary-General and if he says that the salaries of all the top honchos in the country ought to be slashed by half, he should be taken seriously.  But then, after some rumination, it occurred to me that probably Mr Namwamba has a keen sense of humour which has so far gone unrecognised.  I suspected that the man may have done this thing with ulterior motives, knowing full well that the Bill would be buried under an avalanche of criticism and in the end nothing would come of it.  CHEEKY SUGGESTION  And as if anticipating the mirthless reaction from his peers, Mr Namwamba up and jumped into a plane heading for the United States.  I don't know it, but I have a feeling he may have given his roaming number to only a few of his trusted colleagues and aides.  Alternatively, Mr Namwamba was playing a populist card, with the full realisation that MPs would never countenance the cutting of their own pay or that of the President, his deputy, Mr Speaker and his deputy, Senators, Cabinet Secretaries, judges, governors and their MCAs, and other assorted notables.  This suggestion was cheeky, for the MP must surely know the futility of chasing after wind.  Should that be the case, then we Kenyans have been taken for a ride by the youthful politician. If the striking teachers are to expect to get a salary raise from money saved by depriving MPs of what they regard as their birth-right, then they have a long wait ahead.  SALARY HARMONISATION  But let us be charitable and give him the benefit of the doubt and assume he meant what he said. It is not a constitutional issue and if MPs feel sufficiently philanthropic, they can legislate the matter of salaries into being quite easily.  In fact, the issue of the obscene salaries paid a clique of politicians and state officers deserves a lot of thought.  The sheer disparity between that clique and the majority of Kenyans in matters of remuneration is dire indeed, and may one day come to haunt us.  It is time salaries were really harmonised, and this should start from the top.  The disharmony afflicts government bureaucracy in all its manifestations, and explains why you cannot convince a teacher that there is no money to pay him when his superiors earn millions in salaries and numerous perks.  OMNIBUS BILL  It is not fair, indeed, when you have the members of numerous constitutional commissions raking in a great deal of loot for doing work that is not absolutely essential to the running of this country.  There are too many commissions and too many lawyers running the affairs of this country.  I have nothing against lawyers, but the 2010 Constitution seems to have been drafted with them in mind. Come to think of it, they themselves drafted the document.  Did we need to bribe constitutional commissioners with fat paychecks to make them work? Can't we do with a lot fewer commissions and their members?  This is food for thought, although, on the other hand, I do not want to appear to be keen on taking food from anyone's plate.  But had Mr Namwamba been serious, he would not have created an omnibus Bill with far-reaching implications of a constitutional nature. He would have stuck to the salaries issue.  OTHER SUGGESTIONS  But he also wants the number constitutional commissions reduced, which is a good thing, the number of constituencies, counties and wards reduced, which is another good thing.  But these good things would require a thorough overhaul of the Constitution, and being a lawyer, the MP must have realised that Kenyans will not wait for a referendum before they can seek ways to calm teachers down.  I suggest that the Budalangi MP forgets about raising cantankerous motions, which have no chance of passing muster, maybe he should concentrate on seeking ways to save his constituents from the ravages of the looming El Niño. Kenya  The Employment and Labour Relations Court Friday broke the stalemate over teachers' pay by directing them to return to … see more » Copyright © 2015 The Nation. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .
Sept 9 With a long-awaited update to its TV set-top box, Apple on Wednesday revealed a glimpse of its plans to conquer the living room, which analysts say the tech giant has neglected as its other gadgets deepen their hold on consumers. At a San Francisco event in which it also rolled out new iPhones and a larger iPad, Apple gave Apple TV a makeover, complete with a full-fledged App Store, integration with Siri and a new touch-sensitive remote control. But as it zeroes in on the living room, Apple will face fierce competition from firms such as Amazon and Roku, whose products offer many of the Apple TV's features at lower price. The new Apple set top boxes go on sale at the end of October starting at $149. The iPhone maker has already changed TV viewing, making it easier to watch shows almost anywhere. But the living room remains a coveted destination for tech companies as the site where consumers end their days and gather with their families. "The holy grail" is how Carolina Milanesi, chief of research and head of U.S. business at Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, a consumer research firm, described it. Apple is rolling out Apple TV as investors call for the company to lessen its dependence on the iPhone, which drove nearly two-thirds of its sales in the most recent quarter. Apple TV could become a significant source of profit for the company, analysts say, but revenue from programming and services will be key. Wednesday's announcement did not include an Apple streaming TV service that bundles cable channels, which industry executives say the company is exploring. Analyzing the 2012 model of Apple TV, technology research firm IHS estimated that the $99 gadget cost $66.15 to make, making its margins considerably lower than other Apple products. The new box has yet to be analyzed, but Apple's business model is likely the same, said analyst Kevin Keller of IHS. "It's a content-driven model," he said. The new App Store opens what had been a mostly closed environment to thousands of developers, said Jason Krikorian, general partner at DCM Ventures and a co-founder of Sling Media, creator of the Slingbox streaming media device. "If Hollywood's brightest minds can be put toward delivering content on the many Apple-controlled screens in someone's home, I think they can make new television viewing experiences," he said. Roku also boasts an open platform for developers. But with its loyal base of users, Apple has an edge, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. "The key will be helping developers get off the ground quickly," he said, and then convincing consumers to buy the TV based on the apps available for it. The new Apple TV tackles one of the most frustrating parts of modern TV viewing - finding what to watch. The Siri voice feature lets people search with simple commands such as "find movies with Jason Bateman," based on a demonstration at Wednesday's event. But Apple is playing catch up in this area. Voice search is already available on the competing Roku and Amazon Fire TV streaming boxes and Comcast Corp's X1 platform for pay TV subscribers. And none is yet truly universal in searching all major types of TV content. Apple's search will initially be limited to content on iTunes and apps from HBO, Showtime, Netflix and Hulu, said Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet software and services. The Apple TV will have a special focus on games, aiming to win over casual players as the iPhone has. Apple TV will run the same operating system as the iPad and iPhone, making it easy for developers to bring their games to the device. But Apple will need more than quantity, said Barbara Kraus, an industry analyst at Parks Associates. "They are going to have to get games that have buzz," she said. And Apple TV's greatest rival may be the traditional television set, which remains the dominant media platform, though usage of streaming devices such as set-top boxes and gaming consoles is on the rise among all age groups, according to Nielsen data. Use is highest among the millennial generation of 18- to 34-year-olds. About 30 percent of millennials use a streaming device per quarter, Nielsen data show, and they use it for about 23 days on average for 2.5 hours per day. Smart TV holdouts might find themselves entranced by Apple TV if they give the gadget a chance, Milanesi predicted. "It draws you in," she said. (Editing by Stephen R. Trousdale)
(Adds Valero background) Sept 9 (Reuters) - Valero Energy Corp, the leading U.S. refiner, may soon return to its roots as a buyer of refineries, Chief Executive Officer Joe Gorder said on Wednesday. "We think there are acquisition opportunities going forward," Gorder said during a webcast of the Barclays Energy Conference. Gorder reminded the audience of Wall Street analysts that Valero expanded between 2000 and 2007 by aggressively buying U.S. refineries. "This is something you're doing all the time," he said. "We have a list of targets we're looking at internally." Gorder declined to say where the San Antonio-based company was shopping for possible purchases. Some targets could be corporate acquisitions, while others could be single facilities, Gorder added. Compared with refineries, however, he said he expected a higher growth rate in the logistics sector, where Valero, like its competitors, operates a master limited partnership focused on crude oil and refined products pipelines and terminals. Valero operates 13 refineries in North America with a combined crude oil processing capacity of 1.96 million barrels per day, according the U.S. Energy Information Administration. Valero also owns a refinery in Wales and 11 U.S. ethanol plants along with controlling the Valero Energy Partners master limited partnership. (Reporting by Erwin Seba in Houston; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Lisa Von Ahn)
0 COMMENTS MOSCOW—In the shadow of the Kremlin, Joseph Stalin and Vladimir Lenin clashed over how to divvy up the spoils of their little enterprise. Lenin felt he wasn’t getting a fair share, while Stalin’s apparent grievance was his erstwhile comrade’s betrayal in forming a new alliance—with another Stalin. A dozen or so impersonators—who specialize in duping dictators—work the crowds near Red Square, jostling for cash from tourists’ wallets. A photo with Ivan the Terrible, for instance, can cost anywhere from 200 rubles (around $3) to 1,000 rubles, depending on the visitor’s negotiating skills. ENLARGE Sergei Solovyov The dispute between the two leaders of the global proletariat late June ended in a scuffle, according to city officials and other impersonators, exposing the seamier side of capitalism around Moscow’s main tourist site. Lenin impersonator Igor Gorbunov said the Stalin look-alike, Latif Valiyev, followed him into an underpass near Red Square and jabbed him in the back with an umbrella. Mr. Gorbunov went to a first-aid station before filing a complaint to police. Law enforcement looked into the incident, but Mr. Gorbunov later said that he had forgiven Mr. Valiyev and withdrawn his complaint. Mr. Valiyev denied having a conflict with his fellow dictator—and demanded payment to answer any further questions. Look-alikes began to appear on Red Square in the mid-1990s as capitalism took hold and Russia opened up to tourists. “Fat Lenin” was the first, according to Sergei Solovyov, a 57-year-old Lenin impersonator, aka “Tall Lenin.” Six Stalins and eight Lenins, mostly known by their nicknames, now work the square. “White Lenin” has a pale face; “Wooden Lenin” doesn’t say much; “Gay Lenin” stands with an impersonator of the poet Alexander Pushkin; “Drunk Lenin” likes a tipple. Other famous political figures, such as Tsar Nicholas II, Karl Marx and even a President Barack Obama , have come and gone. But the favorite Bolsheviks have staying power. “It’s hard work to be on your feet all day,” said Mr. Solovyov. “It’s also morally hard. People shout: ‘Burn in hell! What have you done with Russia?’” Like the Bolsheviks warring over ideological deviations, the impersonators have their internecine battles. They form temporary allegiances to share territory and earnings, while sniping behind each other’s backs about their rivals’ poor resemblance to their heroes. Mr. Solovyov used to work with a Nicholas II, whose original was murdered by the Bolsheviks in 1918. But the ersatz Romanov czar used to clash with police over where he stood, so Mr. Solovyov left him for a Stalin. “It was easier to work with Stalin,” he said. Mr. Valiyev, a rotund man in a formal military jacket with a bushy mustache, was plying his trade on a sunny afternoon in late July outside Kazan Cathedral, torn down on the orders of his doppelganger some 80 years ago and rebuilt after the Soviet collapse. He was working the crowds along with a menagerie of impersonators that included another Stalin and a wannabe Putin in a suit and shades. A woman in a flowing dress impersonating Catherine the Great thrust her ample bosom toward male tourists. “Verrr arrre you frrrom?” she asked, placing a light hand on one man’s shoulder. Nearby, a young Ivan the Terrible stood quietly, his fake beard slipping to reveal a poorly shaved face. “It’s my first day on the job,” he said. Standing much taller than the real Lenin, Mr. Solovyov started working here a decade ago after he trimmed his facial hair and both his wife and his boss at an auto repair shop told him he looked like the Bolshevik leader. Now semi-retired from his main job as a mechanic, he makes around 12,000 rubles a month working odd days. He recently doubled his price to 200 rubles per photo after the country’s currency crashed. Mr. Solovyov sought to paper over the cracks in the look-alike fraternity. “We are Russians; we don’t fight,” he said. But even the amiable Mr. Solovyov scoffed when asked about a competitor with a resemblance to Putin who stands nearby with two Russian flags planted in front of him. “That guy in the jacket? If you think that person is similar to Vladimir Vladimirovich,” he said, using Mr. Putin’s first name and patronymic, “then you are similar to Obama.” Mr. Solovyov’s companion, a 56-year-old Armenian named Arsen who bears a passing resemblance to Stalin, said they were a team, not rivals. The Stalin-alike unleashed a torrent of good-natured invective when his comrade chided him for being drunk. “Arrest him and send him to the front!” he said, stumbling as he advanced in mock aggression. Arsen, a taxi driver from a southwestern city who wouldn’t give his last name, said friends have called him Stalin for half his life. Three years ago, a different Lenin impersonator happened to be a passenger in his cab and told him: “Get your things. We’re going to Moscow.” The body of the real Lenin lies in a mausoleum on Red Square a few hundred yards away. Some communists say the carefully preserved communist would be spinning in his grave at the impersonators’ behavior. “No one has the right to ape Lenin and Stalin!” said Sergei Malinkovich, the head of a radical communist group, in a statement last year. Some lawmakers say the impersonators are operating in a legal gray zone and should be obliged to purchase licenses for 1,000 rubles a month. Mr. Solovyov, though, isn’t too worried. In capitalist Russia, this Lenin says he’s legit. “I pay my taxes,” he said. “I’m a private entrepreneur.” Write to James Marson at james.marson@wsj.com
October 13, 2015 For many, Playboy was a glamorous rite of passage This image released by Playboy shows Janet Pilgrim on the cover of the July 1955 issue of the gentleman's magazine. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. Playboy via AP This image released by Playboy shows Playmate of the Year Donna Michelle on the cover of the May 1965 issue of the gentleman's magazine. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. Playboy via AP In this Nov. 15, 2007 photo, Hugh Hefner smiles while signing copies of the Playboy calendar and Playboy Cover To Cover: The 50's DVD box set in Los Angeles. Playboy will no longer publish photos of nude women as part of a redesign of the decades-old magazine, according to a news report Monday, Oct. 12, 2015. Executives for the magazine company told The New York Times that the change will take place in March 2016. Playboy editor Cory Jones contacted founder and current editor in chief Hugh Hefner recently about dropping nude photos from the print edition and he agreed, the Times reported. (Ian West/PA via AP) UNITED KINGDOM OUT This image released by Playboy shows Marilyn Monroe on the December 1953 debut issue of the gentleman's magazine. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. Playboy via AP This image released by Playboy shows the cover of the June 1965 issue of the gentleman's magazine featuring a redhead in head-wrap, staring intently above her sunglasses. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. Playboy via AP This image released by Playboy shows Barbi Benton on the cover of the July 1969 issue of the gentleman's magazine. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. Playboy via AP This cover image released by Playboy shows the October 2015 college issue of the gentleman's magazine. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and ’60s by bringing nudity into America’s living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Playboy via AP FILE - In this April 5, 2007 file photo, Playboy Enterprises founder Hugh Hefner poses with a copy of Playboy magazine featuring Anna Nicole Smith as Playmate of the Year, at the Playboy Mansion in Los Angeles. The magazine that helped usher in the sexual revolution in the 1950s and '60s by bringing nudity into America's living rooms announced this week that it will no longer run photos of completely naked women. Starting in March, 2016, Playboy's print edition will still feature women in provocative poses, but they will no longer be fully nude. Damian Dovarganes, File AP Photo 1 of 8
BRIEF-Sevenet signs deal with banking company Sept 28  Sept 28 Sevenet SA :  * Signs deal with banking company for implementation of Contact Center System and related maintenance services  * Deal value exceeds 9 million zlotys ($2.4 million) gross Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.7800 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom) Trending On Reuters  Find out what’s in store for our digital-everything lives. >  Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news , world news , business news , technology news , headline news, small business news , news alerts, personal finance , stock market , and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video , mobile , and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.  NYSE and AMEX quotes delayed by at least 20 minutes. Nasdaq delayed by at least 15 minutes. For a complete list of exchanges and delays, please click here .
U.S. pulls spies from China after hack Stolen data can be used to identify CIA, NSA, DIA agents By Evan Perez SXC WASHINGTON (CNNMoney) -  The United States is pulling spies from China as a result of a cyberattack that compromised the personal data of 21.5 million government workers, a U.S. official said Tuesday. Related Content Pictures of supermoon eclipse are in  The U.S. suspects that Chinese hackers were behind the breach at the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, which exposed the fingerprints of 5.6 million government employees.  Because the stolen data includes records on State Department employees, the hackers could, by process of elimination, identify embassy personnel who are actually intelligence agents.  Employees of the Central Intelligence Agency, National Security Agency and Defense Intelligence Agency assigned to China are at risk of being exposed, U.S. intelligence officials determined in recent months. The Washington Post reported Tuesday that the CIA has pulled a number of officers from the U.S. Embassy in Beijing.  The hack is expected to have a major impact on U.S. national security, in part because the stolen data includes information from U.S. government forms used for security clearances, known as SF86 questionnaires.  The forms contain sensitive private information on current, former and even prospective government employees, as well as their family members and associates, U.S. officials said.  The concern now is that Chinese intelligence could use the OPM data to help determine the identities of future U.S. intelligence employees that may try to enter China. Beijing is known to scrutinize visa applications of people with U.S. ties, based on travel patterns and other data.  Even before the hack, technology advancements in biometrics made it difficult for the CIA to infiltrate operatives pretending to be someone else into China and other countries.  The CIA is now pushing to improve its technological spying capabilities to fill the void.  In Washington on Tuesday, Republican senators pushed Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to explain why the Obama administration hasn't responded more firmly to the hack.  Clapper acknowledged that one reason the U.S. hasn't responded is because the U.S. engages in the same type of espionage. "We're not bad at it," he said.  Beijing has long denied it is involved in hacking, and often claims to be a victim of similar attacks. Last week, President Xi Jinping expressed a willingness to work with the U.S. on cybercrime issues.  Copyright 2015 by CNN NewSource . All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Recommended
Table II - Derivative Securities Beneficially Owned ( e.g. , puts, calls, warrants, options, convertible securities) 1. Title of Derivate Security (Instr. 3) 2. Conversion or Exercise Price of Derivative Security 3. Trans. Date 3A. Deemed Execution Date, if any 4. Trans. Code 5. Number of Derivative Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D) (Instr. 3, 4 and 5) 6. Date Exercisable and Expiration Date 7. Title and Amount of Securities Underlying Derivative Security (Instr. 3 and 4) 8. Price of Derivative Security (Instr. 5) 9. Number of derivative Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s) (Instr. 4) 10. Ownership Form of Derivative Security: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4) 11. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4) Code
. View photo Tidjane Thiam arrives for a Credit Suisse news conference in Zurich, March 10, 2015. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann By Steve Slater and Sinead Cruise LONDON (Reuters) - Thousands of jobs cuts, business closures and billions of euros of capital raising are all on the cards as the new bosses of three of Europe's biggest banks respond to pressure to devise new strategies to revive them. Credit Suisse (CSGN.VX) Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam, Deutsche Bank's (DBKGn.DE) John Cryan and Standard Chartered's (STAN.L) Bill Winters are putting the final touches to their plans, which Thiam and Cryan will unveil next month and Winters is expected to deliver in early December. All have been in charge roughly 100 days - a period when new chief executives typically formulate strategy after meeting investors, regulators, politicians, customers and staff. Big job cuts loom in a bid to cut costs and improve profitability - their main target. Cryan is to cut 23,000 staff, or about a quarter of headcount, mostly from disposals, financial sources told Reuters earlier this month. Winters could axe several thousand, sources said, although they said no final decisions had been made and much will depend on disposals. Meanwhile Thiam has said he plans to use his engineering background to take a hard-nosed look at efficiency. Senior management ranks are also being shaken up - Winters has named a new management team and is cutting layers of bureaucracy to simplify and speed up decision-making while Thiam immediately brought in a long-time confidant as his chief of staff and moved a couple more staff. Santander's chairwoman Ana Botin (SAN.MC) said this week changes she had made in her first 12 months had "laid the foundations for the bank we want for the next 10 years", and said 21 of her top 31 management team are new or have new roles. Thiam, Cryan and Winters, all in their early 50s, each needs to undo mistakes made by predecessors and shrink their banks to reduce complexity and get out of business areas that no longer make money. Other banks, including CEO-less Barclays (BARC.L) and Italy's UniCredit (CRDI.MI), are also going through the process, but new CEOs are under pressure to come in with a fresh view to take bold action. "All are high caliber, but they need to hurry up and make decisions about their business and markets while they are still learning a lot about them," one senior banker said. All three CEOs declined requests for interviews. But here is their thinking on key issues, according to public comments and interviews with sources at banks, investors and analysts:  FIRST 100 DAYS... The three CEOs have all gathered with their boards and senior bankers this month - opting for hotel retreats in Bavaria, Switzerland and Singapore - to discuss plans. They have made some big changes in their first two to three months and given broad signals on where their priorities lie in messages to staff and at second-quarter results. Winters halved his bank's dividend after a slump in second-quarter profits laid bare the scale of the challenge he faces.  Cryan said he planned to stick with "Strategy 2020", which includes reducing the size of the investment bank and selling its Postbank retail bank and cutting other parts of the retail chain. He also said there were plenty of businesses that could still be changed "quite significantly". And all three are expected to cut their investment bank operations, especially fixed income trading.   THE PERSONAL TOUCH Thiam has impressed with a confident start, analysts said. The multi-linguist has said he would be "ruthlessly selective" about what the bank does, driven by adding shareholder value. Thiam, a former Ivory Coast government minister who previously ran UK insurer Prudential (PRU.L) for six years, wants a capital-light bank and is expected to put more focus on Asia. "This is a CEO with a track record, a very successful track record at Prudential. He’s seen as a remarkable asset allocator, particularly in terms of distributing capital towards regions where he sees growth, and reducing capital headed for areas in which he doesn’t see the same growth," said Guy de Blonay, a manager of the Jupiter Global Financial Opportunities Fund. He owns shares in Credit Suisse and was previously an investor in Deutsche Bank and Standard Chartered. Winters, a dual U.S. and British citizen who ran JPMorgan's (JPM.N) investment bank and was a member of a UK government commission that recommended how banks should be made safer, said Standard Chartered was "a special bank" but has its problems. It had been too focused on growth and not on returns for investors. Its risk assessment had been poor and it had been "too slow to take hard decisions, whether on costs, people, or strategy," he told analysts. Cryan, a former UBS (UBSG.VX) finance director, also said complexity and costs were stifling his bank. "This is the first time ever that you had the feeling that somebody is talking straight," said one person familiar with the bank. "But the problem is he has to deliver soon." At his first supervisory board meeting as CEO in July in New York he kept quiet and took a lot of notes, but at this month's meeting in Bavaria he talked a lot and listed all the problems and weak points for the bank - but without giving his solutions, according to people at the meetings.  CASHCALL? Meanwhile all three banks could do with more capital, analysts say. Each has a capital solvency ratio above its regulatory requirements, but are relatively weak compared with rivals. They could opt for a major rights issue, a less disruptive smaller fundraising of several billion dollars or try to build equity capital by retaining earnings and cutting assets - less painful but potentially holding back on any growth plans. However, depressed share prices at Deutsche Bank and Standard Chartered make a highly dilutive rights issue unlikely, analysts and investors said. Deutsche Bank already raised 8.5 billion euros last year, while Winters might prefer a quick-fire share sale to raise $3 billion, they said. Thiam is more likely to raise cash swiftly, bankers reckon, and he told staff on his first day the bank needed a strong balance sheet to help it through rough times. Credit Suisse's common equity capital ratio of 10.3 percent of risk-adjusted assets is well below that of arch-rival UBS and investors said raising $6 billion or more should be supported if it is accompanied by a positive growth story when he steps up on Oct. 21.  (With additional reporting by Kathrin Jones in Frankfurt and Joshua Franklin in Zurich; Editing by Greg Mahlich) Director Dealings Board & Management Changes Deutsche Bank Credit Suisse Tidjane Thiam Bill Winters John Cryan Standard Chartered investment bank
Lenders to Amtek Auto group have decided to go for a special audit of the books of various group companies before providing fresh loans to help it repay Rs 800 crore of bonds coming up for redemption on September 20.  While details of the action plan would differ from case to case, lenders would also ask the promoters to pledge more of their holdings and sell some group companies to generate resources. In addition, promoters would be required to bring their own resources to indicate their skin in the game, a bank executive said.  A Joint Lenders Forum is working on the contours of the corrective action plan, a senior public-sector bank official said. Banks have a Rs 26,000-crore exposure to the group; of this Amtek Auto accounts for over Rs 7,800 crore.  Banker said lenders might also look at inserting a clause for strategic debt restructuring (SDR), which would empower them to acquire a 51 per cent stake or more in the flagship company or other group companies to recover bad loans.  In June, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had allowed banks to hold 51 per cent or more of the equity after a debt-for-share conversion. Under this, banks will have to closely monitor the performance of a company and appoint professional management to run it. At the same time, the banks themselves should try and sell their stake "as soon as possible".  The plan is being drafted under the 'early recognition and early resolution of stressed assets' framework. RBI had in 2014-15 prescribed this framework to nudge lenders to be proactive in spotting stressed accounts and take prompt steps.Delh-based Amtek group is an integrated auto and non-auto component manufacturer with presence in 11 countries. It has combined revenues of over Rs 20,000 crore and presence in segments like forging and castings.  The group had made a string of acquisitions in the country and abroad, in the automotive segment. But these failed to match the projected revenues due to an economic slowdown and slump in demand. This put pressure on Amtek Auto's finances, prompting it to seek funding support from banks.  It is, however, still a standard account, as the company has paid the interest component on schedule. But with a pressure on revenues, bankers have put a question mark over its ability to pay instalments in future.  Earlier this week, rating agency CRISIL downgraded the long-term bank rating for group company JMT Auto to 'BBB-' from 'BBB+', on deterioration in credit profile marked by a shrinking revenue and profitability.  JMT Auto's financial flexibility is likely to be affected substantially after a significant deterioration in its majority shareholder Amtek Auto's credit risk profile. Amtek Auto holds a 70.74 per cent stake in JMT Auto.  This is the second time that Amtek Auto has found itself in a tight spot. It was affected by the global financial crisis of 2007-08 along with many other Indian companies, due to its exposure to foreign exchange derivatives. The company had informed stock exchanges in March 2008 that it could potentially make a loss of up to $18 million (Rs 72.18 crore) in the next two years, given its exposure to currency hedges and swaps. Its promoters had then promised to bring in a matching amount to meet the obligation, should that arise, in the form of 10-year, interest-free non-convertible debentures or preference shares.
GuideSpark's Embedded Videos to Deliver Seamless Point-of-Decision Information for Businessolver Users September 9, 2015 - GuideSpark , the leader in employee communications and engagement, today announced details of its latest partnership with Businessolver(R) , a leading benefits administration technology company. Through the new integration, the companies will deliver a seamless and powerful experience for employers by embedding GuideSpark's video content and engagement platform directly within Businessolver's Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) benefits administration system - Benefitsolver(R). With employee benefits representing a significant amount of company budgets, employers are looking to drive employee engagement and retention by ensuring that employees understand and can take advantage of the large array of options available to them. Yet, despite the importance of their selections, employees may struggle to understand these offerings or not spend enough time making their benefits elections. Through the integration with GuideSpark, Businessolver users will have access to easy-to-understand video content about their benefits options that will help employees make informed decisions. Through GuideSpark's advanced SaaS communications platform, employers are able to present complex topics like benefits, compensation and onboarding to employees through simple, engaging and fully customized videos. To assist employees with their benefits elections, GuideSpark will create proprietary navigation content that is playable directly from Benefitsolver. By embedding educational videos within its platform, Businessolver's clients have yet another valuable communication and education tool that can provide all of the information an employee needs at the point of decision-making, resulting in a more informed, engaged and satisfied workforce. "In today's world of benefits, employers must communicate more options to employees than ever before. Our partnership with GuideSpark aligns with our strategy to focus our products and business on solving challenges related to benefits and ACA compliance - and collaborate with a best-in-breed partner for video content," said Jon Shanahan, president and CEO of Businessolver. "We are delighted that two of the benefits industry's leading and fastest-growing SaaS solutions are collaborating to provide a solution that meets the engagement needs of employers." Keith Kitani, CEO of GuideSpark, added, "Just as employee benefits have evolved over the years, so too have employee communications. With employees being bombarded with messages from every direction, it is critical that important information like how to select the right benefits plan or how to effectively prepare for retirement reach employees in a timely, engaging manner. Through the GuideSpark and Businessolver partnership, we are helping employers communicate a consistent benefits message at the right time - and providing an easy way for employers to measure the effectiveness of their communications overall." About Businessolver Since 1998 Businessolver has delivered market-changing benefits administration technology supported by an intrinsic responsiveness to client needs. It creates client programs that maximize benefit program investment, minimize risk exposure, and engage employees with easy-to-use solutions and communication tools to assist them in making wise and cost-efficient benefit selections. Founded and developed by HR professionals, Businessolver's unwavering service-oriented culture and secure SaaS platform provides measurable success in its mission to provide complete client delight. About GuideSpark GuideSpark, the leader in employee communications and engagement, transforms how organizations communicate and engage with their employees through customized video and mobile experiences for every stage of the employee life cycle, from onboarding to benefits, compensation and more. The solution is accessible via a robust platform that provides an interactive user experience and deep analytics on employee engagement. GuideSpark, named to the Inc. 5000 list of "America's fastest-growing companies," serves hundreds of enterprise customers across all industries and millions of employees. By leveraging content and technology, GuideSpark helps its customers transform their employee communications to increase engagement, create efficiencies by saving time and money, deliver consistent messaging and get peace of mind knowing that their employees understand the value of working for the company. Note to editors: Trademarks and registered trademarks referenced herein remain the property of their respective owners.  //www.prweb.com/releases/2015/09/prweb12950699.htm
A Better Solution, Inc. Achieves "Premier" IBM Business Partner Status Conley, GA, August 28, 2015 --( PR.com )-- A Better Solution, Inc. today announced that they have achieved "Premier" IBM Business Partner Status. In being promoted from "Advanced" status to "Premier" status A Better Solution (ABS) has demonstrated superior knowledge and skill in the IBM Rational Tool set. ABS has achieved the highly coveted IBM Premier Business Partner status that indicates a commitment to maintaining the highest competency levels needed to sell as well as provide training, consulting and support for the IBM Rational Products. A Better Solution will always make the highest effort to stay ahead of the game and at all times be well-trained in the IBM Rational toolset. A Better Solution is a licensed IBM Rational Reseller and able to competitively sell IBM Rational Products, Product Renewals and services to both commercial and government accounts. Ask ABS for a renewal Quote: to get a discount on your IBM Rational Software or Software Renewals. About IBM IBM Rational Software is a worldwide leader in Automated Software Quality (ASQ). The ASQ market includes diagnostic products for developers, testing products for quality assurance professionals and enterprise-wide products for teams developing and managing important software projects. IBM Rational offers an integrated set of premier ASQ products designed to enable Windows and UNIX development teams to address the challenges of complex software development. About A Better Solution, Inc. Founded by Charles Clarke, III in 1996, he saw the need for a CM consulting company from his early experiences with Atria (the original makers of ClearCase). A Better Solution offers the highest level of software consultation, training and products. We specialize in Application Lifecycle Management (ALM), Collaborative Lifecycle Management (CLM), Software Process Methodologies and DevOps using IBM Rational products Rational Team Concert, Rational Quality Manager, DOORS Next Generation, Rational Integration Tester and UrbanCode Release & Deploy. We also specialize in other Rational Legacy products ClearCase, ClearCase Multisite, ClearQuest and RequisitePro.
| print  If SB 249 is not stopped, the California DMV will distribute “enhanced” driver's licenses that contain tiny, insecure computer chips called Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) tags that can broadcast your personally identifying information, including if you’ve ever been arrested, and can be read without your knowledge.  Racial profiling is already a huge problem but SB 249 would make it worse. And since employers can make these licenses a job requirement, SB 249 would let employers discriminate against immigrants because these licenses are only available to U.S. citizens.  We don't need high-tech racial profiling and discrimination in California. Use the form below to email Gov. Brown. Re: AB SB 249 - Veto!  The schools where this occurs serve almost exclusively low-income students of color. Although this is not the norm across California, it is all-too common in communities where students can least afford to lose learning time.  Assemblymember Reginald Bryon Jones-Sawyer, Sr. introduced AB 1012 to limit these harmful practices. AB 1012 would: Limit the ability of schools to assign students to classes without educational content or send them home early instead of offering a real academic class; Limit the ability of schools to assign students against their will to classes they’ve already taken and passed; and Create a uniform mechanism to ensure that schools provide all students appropriate educational offerings.  AB 1012 passed the legislature with unanimous bipartisan support and was recently sent to Gov. Brown’s desk, where it faces an uncertain fate. Your message Subject line * Editable text * I am writing today to ask you to veto the high-tech racial profiling bill, SB 249. On its face, passing SB 249 and allowing the Department of Motor Vehicles to start distributing "enhanced" driver's licenses that can also be used for border crossing, might seem like a good idea for California. But dig a little deeper into how these new licenses work and you realize they undo much of the progress California has made in ensuring immigrants are able to fully participate in our economy and society. In fact, because these licenses are only available to U.S. citizens and employers can make having one a job requirement, SB 249 will actually make it legal for employers to refuse to hire anyone who is not a U.S. citizen. They also give law enforcement a new tool for racially profiling people. They link your criminal background check to your driver's license and they broadcast your information to law enforcement and anyone who has an inexpensive device you can make at home to read the number. That means that police officers can know your race, citizenship status, and whether you've been arrested before they can even see you. Racial profiling in police stops is already a huge problem without making the problem worse by giving police the ability to collect sensitive personal information before deciding who to stop and when. Because these new licenses could be read from a distance without you knowing, SB 249 would also make it easier for the government to track protesters. And because these licenses would only be available to citizens, they could also be used by law enforcement or anti-immigrant groups to determine a person's citizenship status without ever interacting with the person. We are experiencing a crisis in biased policing. Now is not the time to enable high-tech racial profiling and discrimination against immigrants. SB 249 lacks the basic safeguards necessary to protect us from police abuses. These new enhanced driver's licenses just aren't safe for California. (edit or add your own text)  Required text:  I hope that I can count on you to veto SB 249 (Hueso).  (this text wil appear at the end of your message) Your contact information This system requires that you provide your name and contact information. This information will not be used for any purpose other than to identify you to the recipient. Prefix
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has attached 134 properties of Kolkata-based Saradha Realty India Ltd. and its managing director Sudipta Sen to recover Rs.774.3 crore along with returns due to investors.   The market regulator, on its website, said notice to recover the amount was sent to the company and Sen but it went unanswered and the dues were not paid.   The properties which SEBI has attached mostly include land, buildings, flats and resorts under the immovable assets category while the notice also mentions seizure of movable properties as well to recover the dues.   "It is also felt they (the defaulters) may dispose or transfer or alienate the assets with a view to obstruct or delay the recovery proceedings, which needs to be prevented immediately by attaching the said assets," the SEBI said in a notice on its website.   In June this year, the regulator had attached various bank and demat accounts of the two defaulters for recovery of the dues and investors' money besides others, but these have proved insufficient.   "The funds available in the bank accounts and the securities available in the demat accounts of the defaulters are not sufficient for recovery of the dues," the notice said.   In April 2013, SEBI first passed an order against the company and Sen barring them from the market and asking them to refund the money to the investors. It also ordered the firm to shut down all its monetary schemes.   Most of the property to be attached is spread across widely in West Bengal with a flat in New Delhi.   Disclaimer:  Information, facts or opinions expressed in this news article are presented as sourced from IANS and do not reflect views of Moneylife and hence Moneylife is not responsible or liable for the same. As a source and news provider, IANS is responsible for accuracy, completeness, suitability and validity of any information in this article.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi told US tech greats that his government ’s vision of Digital India was an enterprise to transform India on a scale “perhaps, unmatched in human history” that would touch the lives of those living in the farthest corners of the country and also change the way the nation “will live and work”. In his speech at the Digital India dinner here, Modi recounted the way technology was helping make connectivity easier, with the intern et, mobile phone and Skype touching the lives not only of farmers, villagers and those living in cities but also connecting doctors in India with hospitals in other countries. “Today, technology is advancing citizen empowerment and democracy that once drew their strength from Constitutions. »
Updated: 12:00 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 13, 2015 | Posted: 11:58 a.m. Tuesday, Oct. 13, 2015 Julianne Moore rallies fellow actors to fight gun violence Related View Larger FILE - In this Sept. 28, 2015 file photo, Julianne Moore attends a special screening of "Freeheld" in New York. Moore has announced the formation of the Everytown Creative Council. She says it's an effort to organize the creative community to amplify the message of the movement to end gun violence. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP, File)    Actress Julianne Moore is rallying the entertainment industry to help end gun violence.  Moore has announced the formation of the Everytown Creative Council.  She says it's an effort to organize the creative community to amplify the message of the movement to end gun violence.  The 80 entertainers who have signed on include Alec Baldwin, Mindy Kaling, Yoko Ono, Jennifer Lawrence and Spike Lee.  Moore said Tuesday that she and her colleagues are saddened by "the daily increase of gun violence in our beautiful country."  The Everytown Creative Council is affiliated with Everytown for Gun Safety.  That organization was founded by former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg.  The group aims to mobilize voters to support measures such as enhanced background checks for gun buyers. Copyright
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said he dreamt of making India a $20 trillion economy and that he was pleasantly surprised by the change of perception about his country in a short period of time. Attending a question and answer ‘town-hall’ session with Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg at their office at Hackers Square here, the prime minister also said a lot had to be done to bridge the digital divide in India. ”We are an $8 trillion economy today. My dream is for India to become a $20 trillion dollar economy,” Modi said, adding: “Amazing, how perception about India has changed in a very short time. We have brought in a new level of confidence.” Zuckerberg said India was personally »
SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US © 2015 Cox Media Group . By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy , and understand your options regarding Ad Choices . Learn about careers at Cox Media Group . Suge Knight, Katt Williams, ordered to trial in robbery case FILE - In this April 11, 2013 file photo, Katt Williams, a cast member in "Scary Movie V," poses at the Los Angeles premiere of the film at the Cinerama Dome, in Los Angeles. A judge says former rap music mogul Marion "Suge" Knight and comedian Williams should stand trial on robbery charges filed after a celebrity photographer accused the men of stealing her camera. Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen ruled Tuesday, Oct. 13, 2015, after hearing from the photographer who described suffering a concussion and other injuries after an associate of the men attacked her in Beverly Hills in September 2014. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP, File) Most Read
6,000-square-foot Spanish colonial villa has pool, outdoor kitchen Courtesy of TopTenRealEstateDeals.com Supermodel and talk-show host Tyra Banks has listed her Spanish colonial villa in Beverly Hills for $7.75 million, according to he Los Angeles Times and TopTenRealEstateDeals.com . The 6,000-square-foot home, built in 1926, features four bedrooms, five full bathrooms, two half-baths, a chef's kitchen, a library, a media room, a sun room, a gym and more. Outside are a pool and outdoor kitchen. For more information, visit TopTenRealEstateDeals.com .
For 20 years, Lisle and Pat Elsbury made the 80-mile drive from their suburban Chicago home to Starved Rock State Park, one of the state's favored hiking and camping spots. They became particular fans of Duffy's Tavern, a bar and restaurant dating to the early 1970s that stands proudly at the head of North Utica's blink-and-you-miss-it downtown. Over the years, the Elsburys joked that if Duffy's ever went up for sale, they'd put in a bid and move to their favorite getaway. Then, when they were down for a trip in 2003, they learned that Duffy's was indeed for sale. Weeks later, they were handed the keys. Not much has changed at Duffy's since then. It remains an Irish-themed bar where shamrocks hang year-round and the Reuben remains the signature menu item. It also remains one of North Utica's go-to spots, especially for visitors. The Duffy's Reuben John J. Kim / Chicago Tribune The Duffy's Reuben. You likely will be pleased. The Duffy's Reuben. You likely will be pleased. (John J. Kim / Chicago Tribune) "People come down to hike at Starved Rock, and then they need a place to eat and drink and relax," Lisle Elsbury said. "That's where we all come in." Indeed, there is quite enough to turn a visit to Starved Rock into a full-on day trip in the Illinois Valley — from broad views to boat rides and red wine to Reubens. The place: The Illinois Valley, a collection of towns and natural wonders along the Illinois River. Where it is: About 100 miles southwest of downtown Chicago, just off Interstate Highway 80 (via Interstates 55, 94 and 57). The main attraction: Starved Rock State Park ( www.starvedrockstatepark.org ), which is home to 18 small, lovely canyons formed by glacial meltwater and erosion across its 2,500 acres. What there is to do: Well, Starved Rock, of course. If you still have energy after exploring those gorgeous canyons, there are several other worthy nearby excursions into nature: Matthiessen State Park ( http://tinyurl.com/matthiessen ), which includes a 1-mile canyon and charming little Lake Matthiessen. There's also Buffalo Rock State Park ( http://tinyurl.com/buffalorockstatepark ), which offers broad views of the Illinois River on a bluff that once was an island within the river. But if you're tuckered from traipsing through Starved Rock and ready for some relaxation, fair enough. For a wedding John J. Kim / Chicago Tribune Wedding-related items are on display at Canal Cargo Market in LaSalle, Ill. Wedding-related items are on display at Canal Cargo Market in LaSalle, Ill. (John J. Kim / Chicago Tribune) North Utica is small enough that it might be worth heading west to LaSalle or east to Ottawa. LaSalle's downtown is a bit depressed with plenty of boarded-up storefronts along the wide heart of downtown, First Street. Today a few food options appeal (see below), and there are also a couple of interesting stores worth popping into. Canal Cargo (737 First St.; 815-545-6656) is a massive space full of vintage and quite reasonably priced furniture and knickknacks, while just down the street, To Be Continued Consignment Boutique (105 Marquette St.; tbcboutique.com) is housed in an old bank. While it has a decent second-hand selection (its sports Hall of Shame jersey collection on the day I visited included a Cedric Benson Bears jersey and a Kirk Hinrich Bulls jersey), the reason it's a must-see is the old safe-deposit vault, which remains pristine and on display. LaSalle also offers an opportunity to ride a sliver of the 96-mile I&M Canal (754 First St., http://lasallecanalboat.org ), which provided a trade route between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River for hundreds of years. Now it's mostly a historical curiosity, though in LaSalle, a visitor can ride it on a "mule-pulled, full-size replica canal boat (that) will take you on the same hand-dug waterway that 19th century pioneers traveled ... (taking) you back in time to life on the American frontier and the Illinois prairie." Conversely, Ottawa's engine seems strong. The town of nearly 20,000 has plenty of parks, coffee shops, restaurants and a charming, tree-shaded town square. Mule power John J. Kim / Chicago Tribune The Volunteer, a boat pulled by mules, is docked at the I&M Canal in LaSalle, Ill. The Volunteer, a boat pulled by mules, is docked at the I&M Canal in LaSalle, Ill. (John J. Kim / Chicago Tribune) Eating and drinking: Though not a culinary mecca, there's no need to rush back home to eat after a day at Starved Rock. The area's most impressive restaurant has long been worth a visit unto itself, and paired with Starved Rock, makes for a sublime day: Ron's Cajun Connection (897 E. U.S. Highway 6; www.ronscajunconnection.com ). Lake Charles, La., native Ron McFarlain opened his restaurant in a modest 90-year-old former single-family home in the mid-1990s. It's long on McFarlain's charming Southern banter, Cajun music drifting from the speakers and a Louisiana bounty of boudin, blackened alligator, jambalaya, etouffee, gumbo, red beans and rice and, well, you get the idea. If I'm having one meal in the area, this is it. But if in the mood for some grease and a beer — both of which are particularly gratifying after a day of hiking — don't discount Duffy's (101 Mill St.; duffystavernandgrill.com) and that Reuben. It also has one of the better beer lineups in the area, and occasionally features beer-pairing dinners (including one recently with Lyons' BuckleDown). Across the street stands the August Hill Winery tasting room (106 Mill St.; www.augusthillwinery.com ), which doubled in size over the summer after a sleek expansion of trim black furniture, fresh wood floors and lights that dangle above in glass orbs. You'd sooner expect to find such sleek sensibility in a much larger city, but here — like many businesses — it happens to be astoundingly large due to an abundance of affordable real estate. August Hill specializes in sparkling wines made in the traditional champenoise method and attracts decent crowds, I'm told, especially during Utica's Winter Wine Walk, which is held the second Saturday in February. And for something sweet on your way out of the park, check out Two Girls and a Cupcake (723 S. Clark St.; 815-667-7075), which makes all their tempting offerings (cupcakes in the forms of Caramel Nut Cheesecake, S'Mores and something called "Vanilla Explosion") in house. (I went for the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough.) LaSalle offers a few solid dining options that include the broad American menu that arrives on a digital tablet at Uptown Grill (601 First St.; www.uptowngrill.com ); the tapas (pronounced "TAP-es" down here) at The Pink Chihuahua (633 First St.; www.thepinkchihuahua.co ); and the audacious hot dog menu at The Dog House (848 First St.; www.lasalledoghouse.com ), which includes such novelties as the San Antonio dog (guacamole, sour cream, grilled onions and grilled peppers) and the Tampa Bay dog (ketchup, mustard, mayo and pineapple — ugh). What surprised me: The easy charm of downtown Ottawa was an eye-opener but so was how much I enjoyed the scrappy main street in downtown LaSalle (which is called First Street). With several vacant storefronts, and several others promoting video gambling, it's a town clearly a bit down on its luck. But it also presents a fighting spirit, with signs in a few storefronts that declare, "I believe in LaSalle!" Walking up and down First Street, it's not hard to imagine that the street was teeming a generation or two ago. It's also not hard to root for it to get back on its feet. If you choose to stay the night: The Willows (325 Clark St.; www.thewillowshotel.net ) is a boutique option in North Utica just down the road from the park, and Starved Rock offers its own option (including restaurant) with the stone-and-log Starved Rock Lodge (2668 E. 873rd Road; www.starvedrocklodge.com ) within the park. jbnoel@tribpub.com Twitter @joshbnoel Copyright © 2015, Chicago Tribune Travel
Phyzit Growth Relieving Docs' TCM Headaches  by Mark Carter on Monday, Sep. 28, 2015 12:00 am Phyzit team members (from left) Stewart Whaley, L.J. Wilson, Aaron Pilkington and Keith Moore at the firm's River Market office.  Many doctors consider the reimbursement process for transitional care management to be a headache, and Little Rock tech startup Phyzit has prescribed what looks like a cure. Doctors across the country are signing up for some of that relief.  TCM is the transitional care process through which physicians track patients’ progress during the 30 days after which they are discharged from the hospital or a hospital-like setting. Phyzit developed a cloud-based software app that tracks the steps involved in the TCM process for doctors’ offices, tracking each patient in the process through a dashboard system, reminding offices of important deadlines and providing billing reports. In expanded beta testing, the app helped doctors’ offices create an average of $1,400 in new revenue per provider per month and decreased hospital readmissions by 66 percent.  The startup was co-founded last year by Little Rock pediatric urologist Dr. Stephen Canon and has grown to include four full-time employees, including new CEO Mike Blanchat, who most recently led A Briggs Passport & Visa Expeditors. The Phyzit TCM app is in about 20 Arkansas doctors’ offices (with more on the way) and recently expanded to large groups in Albany, New York; Birmingham, Alabama; and Manalapan, New Jersey. That places Phyzit in five total states with deals pending in others.  This recent growth required Phyzit to begin its second funding round to support the national rollout. Early on, Phyzit was self-funded and took advantage of state credits, matching funds and other resources such as Innovate Arkansas. Plus, it received input and assistance from Jeff Stinson, director of the Fund for Arkansas’ Future and the Arkansas Innovation Fund, serial entrepreneur/investor Kristian Andersen of Conway, and Jeff Fox of the Circumference Group.  And the startup recently added a couple of industry big-hitters to its board of advisers: Bruce Brandes, managing director at Martin Ventures of Nashville, Tennessee, and Dr. Cameron Powell, chief medical officer and co-founder of AirStrip Technologies of San Antonio.  Phyzit was designed to solve a real problem: About one in five patients discharged from the hospital is readmitted within 30 days, according to the federal Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. Federal billing requirements related to TCM can be complicated and cumbersome, Blanchat said, and clinics often miss out on reimbursements because specific requirements aren’t met. He believes the Phyzit app can help keep patients at home and doctors’ offices operating more efficiently.  “Phyzit has a tremendous amount of potential to help,” Blanchat said.  As the startup expands, it’s targeting larger groups and more specialists. Canon said the team realized the app didn’t have to be limited to general practices. “It can extend to cardiologists and other specialists,” he said. “Specialty practices are quick adopters of new technology and business opportunities.”  Cold calls, word-of-mouth and social media have been the primary promotion vehicles for the company so far, but it plans to more aggressively engage the local tech community to help spread the word. Phyzit will be hosting webinars this fall related to transitional care management, and team members will be speaking to tech groups.  Canon, who presented at Little Rock’s first TEDx event this past summer, will speak to the Northwest Arkansas Tech Council on Nov. 10, and Phyzit Chief Privacy Officer Stewart Whaley will speak at Little Rock Tech Fest on Oct. 16.  Tech Cetera  • Jeff Dean, chief operating officer for the Arkansas Department of Information Systems, has been elected vice president of the southern region for the National Association of State Technology Directors. He’ll serve through August 2016.  • Fayetteville’s Neo was one of 25 tech startups from across the country selected for the 2015 CTIA Startup Lab in Washington, which ran over four days earlier this month. A graduate of the 2014 ARK Challenge summer accelerator program, Neo provides automated hacker protection.
(Adds company news items) LONDON, Sept 16 European stocks were seen opening higher on Wednesday, buoyed by gains overnight on U.S. and Asian markets, although investors were expected to refrain from buying up big positions before a U.S. Federal Reserve meeting. Financial spreadbetters expected Britain's FTSE 100 to open up by 20-23 points, or 0.3-0.4 percent higher. Germany's DAX was seen opening up by 56-58 points, or 0.6 percent higher, while France's CAC 40 was expected to open up by 15-17 points, or 0.3-0.4 percent higher. Asian shares followed Wall Street higher on Wednesday, albeit in thin volume, and short-term U.S. bond yields held near 4 1/2-year highs as investors braced for the possibility of the first interest rate hike in the United States since 2006. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index rose 0.9 percent on Tuesday. Although the benchmark index is up more than 5 percent from a low hit late last month, it is down about 14 percent from its peak two months ago, mainly on concerns about the pace of economic growth in China and the prospects of a U.S. rate hike. On the macroeconomic front, there is UK employment and euro zone inflation data later in the day. MARKET SNAPSHOT AT 0506 GMT LAST PCT CHG NET CHG S&P 500 1,978.09 1.28 % 25.06 NIKKEI 18,141.22 0.64 % 114.74 EUR/USD 1.1291 0.22 % 0.0025 USD/JPY 120.20 -0.18 % -0.2200 10-YR US TSY 2.265 -- -0.02 YLD 10-YR BUND YLD 0.745 -- 0.01 SPOT GOLD $1,104.21 -0.07 % -$0.79 US CRUDE $44.89 0.67 % 0.30 > GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares, US bond yields rise ahead of Fed rate decision > US STOCKS-Wall St rallies as clock ticks toward Fed decision > Nikkei gains on bargain hunting, Wall Street rally > TREASURIES-Yields shoot higher in thin trading ahead of Fed meeting > FOREX-Dollar buoyed by higher yields ahead of Fed meeting > PRECIOUS-Gold languishes near 1-mth lows ahead of Fed meeting > METALS-London copper bides time as markets look to Fed > U.S. oil extends gains on stock-draw, Brent lags with Asian economies COMPANY NEWS: ADIDAS : The sports wear maker said it will become official outfitter for the U.S. National Hockey League in a seven-year partnership. BMW : BMW-owned Rolls-Royce Motors will sell fewer cars in 2015 than last year, its chief executive told Reuters on Tuesday, echoing comments made recently by other luxury automakers hit by cooling demand in China, the world's biggest car market. E.ON : The company would be forced cut more costs, including jobs, if the political environment deteriorates further, Chief Financial Officer Michael Sen told Boersen-Zeitung in an interview published on Wednesday. FIAT : Ferrari expects stable sales in greater China this year, as stronger demand for its luxury sportscars in Hong Kong and Taiwan offsets weaker sales in the mainland, Enrico Galliera, senior vice president of its marketing division, said on Tuesday. MEDIASET : Italy's biggest private broadcaster said on Tuesday it had invested in the group that controls popular Italian radio stations Radio 105, Radio Monte Carlo and Virgin Radio, in an effort to strengthen its radio business. RWE : The city of Essen sees no majority for a sale of its stake in utility RWE, treasurer Lars Martin Klieve told German paper Rheinische Post in an interview published on Wednesday TELECOM ITALIA /VIVENDI : French media company Vivendi could raise its 15.5 percent stake in Telecom Italia again, possibly to about 20 percent of the capital, French daily Les Echos said on Tuesday. VENETO BANCA: Unlisted Italian cooperative bank Veneto Banca said on Tuesday it plans to raise up to 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) in cash from shareholders in the first half of 2016 as it works to meet capital requirements set by the European Central Bank. (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta )
Other Articles Housing.com appoints Keerthi Kiran as VP realty projects division Lanco Infratech aims to repay Rs 18000 crore worth of loans by 2018 Banks will not support stressed power distributors, RBI has told state govts: FM Arun Jaitley When Abhinav Sree ordered a fancy lamp from Amazon he never thought that the lamp would be entirely different from what he had expected it to be and that experience made him come up with an interesting concept called Pollseye. Pollseye is a 30 seconds video review app that was launched almost five weeks ago by Abhinav Sree, Ashwin Nath and Vijith KK. Abhinav’s shopping experience provoked the team to come up with something authentic enough to help people make better decisions while they shop online. “We wanted to come up with something which is user friendly and at the same time is easier for the users to review and inform the customers out there,” says Abhinav Sree. They did extensive research to figure out a unique and innovative business model to help people make better and informed decisions while shopping online and found out that 80% of the people have an attention span of only 30 seconds while watching a video and that’s how they decided on the time limit which also differentiates them from their immediate competitors like Instagram, YouTube and Vine. “While Instagram and Vine have a very short time limit to review a product, YouTube can be really overwhelming at times but Pollseye is a platform dedicated exclusively for reviewing products and has inbuilt features that makes the whole experience seamless and hassle free. As of now they have four categories-gadgets, beauty and wellness, home accessories and fashion. “Gadget is the hottest category in our app and we are trying to expand to other categories as well. Hotels for instance can be an interesting category and people would really like a video review about the rooms before they book one,” adds Abhinav. Within 5-6 weeks of their launch they have managed to get around 4,000 downloads and Abhinav claims that their unique business model is responsible for this overwhelming response as there are hardly any platforms dedicated towards reviewing products. Soon after the company was launched the team members contacted few reviewers and YouTube reviewers, according to Abhinav they loved the idea and the app as a tool for the inbuilt features that it has. The app enables the user to review the the product seamlessly for 30 seconds and one can also insert background music and text to it to make it more appealing to the customers. “If Instagram has made everyone a photographer and if Vine is trying to make everyone a video maker then we are trying to make everyone a reviewer to help people make people more aware about various products,” says Abhinav. The company also plans to tie up with brands and marketplaces like Amazon, Flipkart and OYO to sell their content on their platform. Currently every like that a reviewer gets on their videos get a credit added to their wallet. “We convert these credits to real currency and give it through Amazon and Paytm vouchers. After we tie up with them they will be able to redeem it directly from these marketplaces,” says Abhinav.  28, 2015 12:16 am
The Associated Press BERLIN —  "Homeland" star Claire Danes walks through a narrow alley in Lebanon in the latest episode of Showtime's hit show, and passes a wall sprayed with graffiti in Arabic.  Producers had asked for something generic — they suggested "Muhammad is the greatest" — to give the feel of a Hezbollah-run refugee camp. But the group of three artists hired for the job decided to make a statement.  The message that was seen by more than a million viewers when the episode aired in the U.S. on Sunday was: "Homeland is racist."  The scene was actually filmed this summer in Berlin, but the group, calling itself "The Arabian Street Artists" — the name itself a tongue-in-cheek jab at the initial solicitation from "Homeland" producers for the set work — kept their actions quiet until the episode was shown.  On Wednesday, the three — Berlin graffiti artist Stone, Heba Amin and Caram Kapp — published the details on Cairo-based Amin's website, and the images quickly went viral.  "I think this really had an impact, and we obviously struck a chord," Stone, who goes by one name, told The Associated Press on Thursday.  "From the reactions we have seen, a lot of people had not so happy feelings about this show so there is a lot of happiness coming our way right now."  The caper was pulled off so well that even "Homeland" producer Alex Gansa gave the artists his grudging respect.  "We wish we'd caught these images before they made it to air," he said in a statement provided by Showtime. "However, as Homeland always strives to be subversive in its own right and a stimulus for conversation, we can't help but admire this act of artistic sabotage."  The Emmy award-winning show now in its fifth season is extremely popular, but has also been widely criticized for its depiction of Muslims, and also by the governments of Lebanon and Pakistan for its portrayals of their countries.  So when the show approached Stone this summer with the project looking for "Arabian street artists" who could add authentic-looking graffiti to the film set depicting a Syrian refugee camp, his first inclination was to say no.  "When we got the call we were really, really unsure if we would do anything for them and most of the artists I asked were totally saying no from the beginning, they had no interest in working for them," he said.  "And that was the conclusion that we came to ourselves — until we got the idea we could insert our message into the show."  Stone said the artists initially considered using Arabic proverbs and slightly rewriting them with coded messages.  "The question was, how can we get a message across that is not so blatant that they will immediately recognize it," he said. "But then when the actual shooting started, it was pretty clear no one would even look at it."  So they started adding their blunt messages, including: "Homeland is a joke and it didn't make us laugh;" ''Homeland is not a (TV) series"; "There is no Homeland"; "Black lives matter"; and "Homeland is watermelon" — using an Arabic expression meaning something is superficial or a joke.  So far, Stone said, the artists have been overwhelmed by the positive reaction they've received — mostly from the U.S. but also from the Middle East .  "We thought it had the potential to go viral, but when it really did yesterday that was a bit of a surprise," he said.
Nigeria: Buhari's Administocracy - APC's Silences  The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, Emmanuel Kachikwu, on Friday said contracts to be awarded by the corporation would henceforth be made public.  In his first interactive session with journalists in Lagos since his appointment as GMD, Mr. Kachikwu said the decision was aimed at making the activities of the corporation transparent and open to the general public.  "Contracts will be made open to the public and we will choose the best module that works for us and that helps us save money.  "We need to clean the system and carry everybody along. The concept of what is right and wrong will take us very far," Mr. Kachikwu stressed.  Mr. Kachikwu said the corporation would urgently embark on a transparency operation to regain its lost credibility. The GMD noted that the transparency operation would start with an audit of the corporation's finances, which was last audited in 2010‎.  He said the corporation's finance would not only be audited and brought up to date, but would also be made available to the general public.  The NNPC GMD said the transparency operation would also involve posting of the corporation's activities on its website regularly.  He added that along with the regular data, there would also be a weekly broadcast of issues concerning the corporation on its website from now henceforth.  According to him, though, there are huge challenges in driving the corporation forward but they would be surmounted with good planning and efficiency.  The NNPC GMD said the challenge of cleaning NNPC would be a bumpy, exciting ride, which would eventually yield positive results.  Commenting on the state of the nation's refineries, he said they were currently working at 30 percent capacity, which was unprofitable.  Mr. Kachikwu noted that for the refineries to be profitable, they needed to attain a minimum of 60 percent operation capacity.  "Personally, I would have chosen to sell the refineries, but President Buhari has instructed that they should be fixed.  "After they are fixed, if they still operate below 60 per cent, then we will know what to do.  "The 90-day ultimatum for the refineries to be fixed will end in December and Port Harcourt Refinery looks like the only one that will meet the deadline, but we will wait and see what happens at the end of the 90 days," he said.  NAN
572,761 Source: Association of British Insurers  LV=, which has one of lowest annual charges of 0.25 per cent (for funds up to £1m) has set up charges ranging from £175-£295. AJ Bell has an annual £100 charge for regular income payments, while others including Legal & General have fees for ad hoc income payments.  Alongside standard account closure fees, some providers also levy exit charges and “early encashment” penalties for closing the plan within 12 months of opening the contract. These can amount to several hundred pounds.  “I’ve been looking at investment and pension platforms in a professional capacity for 16 years but I find pricing analysis and like-for-like comparison of drawdown platforms very hard to do,” says Holly Mackay, an independent investment expert and founder of BoringMoney.co.uk, a consumer finance website.  “The charging models tend to be like Ryanair — the advertised fee can bear little resemblance to the total cost by the time you’ve made a few trades, withdrawn some cash, requested a report and changed a few admin details.” Deeper complexity  Adding to the difficulties for investors trying to compare deals is the fact that many providers include other investments you may hold with them, such as individual savings accounts (Isas), to determine the charge band you will fall into.  “Someone with £200,000 in a self invested personal pension [Sipp] and £50,000 in an Isa with Fidelity will pay 0.25 per cent on both Sipp and Isa, not 0.35 per cent, whereas someone with Hargreaves will be charged 0.45 per cent on both Sipp and Isa,” says Alan Higham, an independent pensions expert and founder of PensionsChamp.com, a consumer website.  “You need quite a lot of knowledge and information just to compare what seems a simple concept of an annual percentage charge.” Charge cap call  With such a big variation in charges and charging structures, consumer groups say more needs to be done to ensure everyone can benefit from the pension freedoms.  “In particular, we need to see greater protection for those with smaller pension pots, who could have thousands of pounds wiped off their savings by higher charges,” says Richard Lloyd, executive director of Which?, the consumer group.  “We’re calling for the government to introduce a cap on charges for drawdown products sold by someone’s existing provider, and establish a state-backed drawdown provider to ensure everyone can access a low-cost product.”  With the mass drawdown market expected to continue growing, regulators are under pressure to force providers to make their charging information much clearer.  “The Financial Conduct Authority also needs to make it clear to firms that it is unacceptable just to highlight low headline rates of charges whilst keeping other charges back in the smaller print,” adds Mr Higham. Serious Money  A long winding road from pensions easy street to Generation Tent  For our summer holiday this year, my husband and I travelled back in time. He was turning 50 and wanted to do something different. So we left London, hired a luxury camper van, and spent a fortnight cruising around the Scottish Highlands and islands. Having boarded our time travelling machine in Glasgow, we pulled over half way to Fort William to check that the exhaust hadn’t fallen off, as so many couples in campervans on the other side of the road kept tooting and waving at us.  Read more  “It is hard enough to compare products when you have all the data without having to prise details of the extra charges from the companies. There are so many variables to take into account that it is very difficult to shop around, and there are no comparison sites that yet cover this area reliably.”  In its defence, the pensions industry says it is investigating ways to make it easier for drawdown investors to shop around.  “A challenge will be to avoid reducing any analysis of drawdown to a simple question of who is the cheapest,” says Tom McPhail, head of pensions research with Hargreaves Lansdown and chair of the Pension Income Choices Association, the industry group.  “Functionality, investment choice, supporting information, service and administration capabilities are all critical.”  Ms Mackay agrees that any comparison should not focus solely on cost, but also consider efficient service and good communications. Recent research by the Boring Money website found that it can take up to 45 seconds just to find pricing information on some platform websites.  Standard Life, which adopted its charging model for the mass market, also cautions against investors becoming too focused on charges, as cost is not the only risk to consider.  Following the recent volatility on world stock markets, this is something that smaller investors who have recently switched to drawdown will be only too aware of. Annuity, anyone?  Being stung by high charges is not the only risk for drawdown investors who are at the mercy of market swings and must make complex decisions about how to make their money last.  Before the 2015 pension freedoms, savers were steered towards professional advisers before going into drawdown where they would get a risk profile and recommended suitable investments.  But the freedoms are opening drawdown to a new generation of less experienced DIY investment managers, potentially putting savers’ lifestyle in retirement at risk.  MetLife , a pension provider, estimates that new retirement investors taking out drawdown since the launch of the freedoms lost more than £160m from their fund values due to recent stock market volatility . That is based on their estimates of 27,000 individuals investing more than £1.75bn since April.  “The recent crash in the Chinese stock market would have given investors a scare,” says Mike Morrison, of AJ Bell, a Sipp provider.  “The market has since corrected itself but investors will be wondering about their future income. If they’d bought an annuity they wouldn’t be worrying at all.”  Recent figures on life expectancy have also brought into sharp focus the need to make funds stretch throughout retirement, however long that may be.  The ONS data showed life expectancy at birth had increased by nearly three years per decade over the past 100 years with the average lifespan for men now 79, rising to 83 for women.  Providers are responding to a new appetite for flexible access to pension cash, but also secure income, by creating “hybrid” products that blend annuities and drawdown.  MetLife is to launch a new “guaranteed drawdown” plan which offers a guaranteed income for life, but also the possibility of capital growth. More of these hybrid products are expected to come to the market in future.  Advisers say people who are not sure of their capacity for loss, how to make their funds last, or who have not previously made investment decisions, should consider alternatives to drawdown, including traditional annuities.  “We have people who say that annuities are really bad value but our view is that is not necessarily the case,” says David Woodhouse, head of advice services with Chase de Vere. “Nailing down some secure lifetime income should certainly come into play.”  With more hybrid products expected to hit the market, advisers say pensioners need to carefully consider their options and that for many with small funds, that will still be a traditional annuity.  “Products which provide a buffer against market swings while offering opportunity to benefit from fund growth will be attractive,” adds Gary Smith, pension specialist with Tilney Bestinvest.  “But security and flexibility does come at a cost, either the guarantee or restrictions on fund choice. For many with funds of £50,000 or less and few other assets in retirement, a traditional annuity is probably still best.” The lowdown on drawdown
Comments The Eve Moneypenny depicter says the James Bond actor was 'just being sarcastic' when saying that he would rather slit his wrist than reprise his role in the next film.  Naomie Harris says Daniel Craig was just joking about " slash my wrists " comment. The actress who plays Eve Moneypenny in the James Bond franchise claims Craig was "just being sarcastic" when making the suicidal comment in response to the question whether or not he would return to the next 007 installment. Harris who will reprise her role in the upcoming entry, " Spectre ", blamed the media for twisting Craig's words, telling BBC News that they were "blown out of proportion." "It was not as he intended it," she said, adding that her co-star's "sense of humour ... doesn't come across particularly well in print." "It's easy to take something that someone says in passing and blow it completely out of proportion. I think that's what's happened here, so I don't really believe those comments at all," the actress went on. "Daniel lives and breathes Bond," she insisted. "He's so dedicated to his craft and he loves playing Bond. According to PageSix, Daniel Craig got a scolding from Sony bosses following his controversial comment. A source suggested the actor was cranky during the interview because of the tough reshoot he did last month for the movie. Another insider said, "He hasn't had a big hit movie outside of the franchise, and he blames that on Bond."  © AceShowbiz.com Warning : mysql_num_rows() expects parameter 1 to be resource, boolean given in /home/aceshow/public_html/php/bs_nview.php on line 567 More Naomie Harris News
Submitted by admin on 9/30/2015 @ 9:05 AM   J.W. Speaker  GERMANTOWN, Wis., Sept. 30, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- J.W. Speaker Corporation has announced a new business arrangement with Mobile Centre, Ltd. (MCL) to establish MCL as its distribution partner and order fulfillment center for ECE-certified forward-lighting and related products sold into the "automotive" aftermarket in Europe, Russia and the Middle East. Additionally, MCL has been designated as our exclusive distributor of "J" Series Off-Road LED lighting products.  https://photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20150930/272429LOGO  Established in 1988 and located in Worcestershire, United Kingdom, MCL is a leading distributor of high-quality automotive electrical parts and lighting, as well as a systems integrator and value-added solutions-provider taking care of dealers, end customers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).  Of particular note, MCL provides automated packaging; wiring harness and development and assembly; tooling for major connector brands; accessories; warehousing, staging and consolidation for end items and kits; and private labeling. Additionally, MCL launched the "Jeep Antics" website for its B2C business, with other sites planned for target markets supported.  MCL will operate as an extension of J.W. Speaker, designated as our distribution partner for all products sold into the "automotive" aftermarket in the territories in scope. As such, MCL will also serve as the order fulfillment center for J.W. Speaker's North American-based distributors who export off-road lighting products. To this end, MCL has invested in additional resources, inventory and websites to support existing customers, in addition to developing new customers for J.W. Speaker.  Tim Speaker, Co-President of J.W. Speaker Corporation, explains: "Our longstanding partnership with Mobile Centre, Ltd. has been elevated, wherein they will take care of distributors, as well as small OEMs, in Europe, Russia and the Middle East. We're excited about the prospects of jointly growing our business with MCL, particularly in the automotive aftermarket, for which we've recently launched many innovative new products."  According to Tim Consolante, "The reinforcement of MCL's existing relationship with J.W. Speaker will allow us to develop and expand our business by giving aftermarket customers access to automotive technology and services normally reserved for OEMs. This will ensure that our customers are given the best possible solutions."  J.W. Speaker specializes in LED and other emerging lighting technologies and proudly designs, manufactures & assembles products in Germantown, Wisconsin. The firm is a leading supplier to well-known OEMs such as Harley-Davidson, John Deere, Bombardier, Honda, CNH, Polaris, Chrysler, Kawasaki and McLaren. Additionally, J.W. Speaker has a growing worldwide aftermarket business comprising OEM replacement parts and consumer products. For more information, contact J.W. Speaker at 800.558.7288 or speaker@jwspeaker.com .  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jw-speaker-corporation-announces-business-partnership-with-mobile-centre-ltd-300151717.html  SOURCE J.W. Speaker
Sept 28 Primi sui Motori SpA : * Reported on Friday H1 net loss of 3.6 million euros ($4.02 million) versus loss of 1.0 million euros a year ago * H1 production value of 4.6 million euros versus 7.9 million euros a year ago * Sees that targets included in the FY 2015-2019 industrial plan will experience a delay of 6 months Source text for Eikon: ($1 = 0.8947 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
You live beyond your means Slide Show See All Slide Shows Page 6 of 12 Reasons You Will Never Be a Millionaire You overlook the value of nickels and dimes Thinkstock  No, we're not suggesting that you search for loose change under your sofa cushions. Rather, cutting seemingly insignificant expenses—such as baggage charges on your flights, late-payment penalties on your bills and out-of-network ATM fees on your cash withdrawals—can add up to substantial savings.  Investing fees attached to mutual funds and 401(k) plans can be especially detrimental. For example, let's assume you currently have $25,000 saved in your 401(k) and earn 7% a year, on average. If you pay fees and expenses of 0.5% a year, your account would grow to $227,000 after 35 years. But increasing the extra charges to 1.5% annually would mean your account would grow to just $163,000 over that time. What you can do about it  More than you realize. Pay attention to the fine print, and avoid those sneaky extra charges. You can skip airline baggage fees by packing lightly and bringing only a carry-on or by flying Southwest Airlines, which allows you to check two bags free. If you make a late payment on a credit card, ask the issuer to waive the fee. Long-time customers who usually pay on time are often given a pass. For more, see How to Avoid Paying 21 Annoying Fees .  For your 401(k), you can see how it rates with other plans at www.brightscope.com . You can select low-cost mutual funds to lower your investing costs. Check out the Kiplinger 25 , a list of our favorite no-load funds, as well as the 28 best popular funds in 401(k)s . Also consider talking to your employer about the possibility of lowering the plan's fees.
By Matthew Le Cordeur  State-owned defence manufacturer Denel on Wednesday placed three senior executives on special leave pending an investigation.  Fin24 received a tip-off on Friday that the board placed CEO Riaz Saloojee, chief financial officer Fikile Mhlontlo and group company secretary Elizabeth Africa on special leave after a board meeting on Wednesday evening.  They will be on leave while the Denel board investigates a variety of issues, including recent business acquisitions made by the state-owned entity, sources said.  Denel's head of corporate communication Vuyelwa Qinga told Fin24 on Friday that she is aware of the situation.  "I understand that they have been put on leave pending an investigation," she said. "The board is accountable to the Minister (of Public Enterprises Lynne Brown) and would only report the details of such to her. I am unfortunately unable to confirm your query."  Public enterprises spokesperson Colin Cruywagen told Fin24 on Friday that "the board of Denel is dealing with the matter and Minister Brown is kept abreast of it".  Said Cruywagen: "Minister Brown will respond only after she has been formally informed by the board."  The board was recently rotated by Brown, who appointed Daniel Mantsha as its chairperson from July 24.  The media questioned his appointment at the time, as he was struck from the roll of attorneys upon application by the Law Society in 2007. The Law Society of the Northern Provinces clarified the issue at the time, saying he had been readmitted as an attorney by the High Court on December 8 2011.  "Mr Mantsha has in fact since been registered with the Law Society as a practising attorney and is in good standing with the Law Society," it said in a statement.  When Brown announced the rotation on July 24, she said: "I encourage the new board to continue working closely with its executive team to solidify the company's operations with a strong emphasis on issues relating to transformation within the company, skills development and strategic partnerships in South Africa, the region, continental and global trade initiatives aimed at strengthening Denel's order book."  Denel is the largest manufacturer of defence equipment in South Africa and operates in the military aerospace and landward defence environment.  Its most recent acquisition was revealed by DefenceWeb on April 29 2015. It said Denel had "acquired Land Systems South Africa (LSSA) from BAE Systems, with BAE yesterday announcing the sale of its 75% stake in LSSA."  It said Denel took over the majority ownership stake for R641m in cash, although the complete acquisition cost Denel R855m, as it also bought the remaining 25% stake from BAE Systems' partner DGD Technologies.  "Speaking to defenceWeb last week, Denel Group CEO Riaz Saloojee said that with the acquisition of LSSA, the whole landward mobility capability of the South African National Defence Force will once again be invested in the state. LSSA, Denel Land Systems, Mechem and LMT will be under one roof," reported DefenceWeb.  Source: Fin24
Johannesburg - Eleven people were injured on Sunday night when two taxis collided on Joubert Road in Vereeniging, paramedics said. When ER24 paramedics and other emergency services arrived on the scene, one taxi was on the pavement, ER24 spokesperson Russel Meiring said in a statement. The second taxi was in the middle of the road. Occupants of both taxis were found scattered around the scene, either on the pavement or in their respective vehicles.
Kelly Ripa Gets Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Posted just a moment ago  Mark Davis/Getty Images (LOS ANGELES) -- Live with Kelly & Michael host Kelly Ripa was honored Monday with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.  Ripa, 45, posted a picture of her star with the caption, "The official star. Thank you to everyone for this extraordinary honor. #walkoffame."  The honor coincides with Ripa's 15th year as host on Live . Earlier this year, Ripa won a Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Entertainment Talk Show Host.  On hand to salute Ripa were Joel McHale and fellow TV host Jimmy Kimmel, and Ripa's husband MarkConsuelos was there to congratulate her.  "You have to surround yourself with people that are better than you and that's what I've managed to do in my career," she said. "I joined this incredible acting community in All My Children , and it was a brilliant ensemble cast. Then I got to sit next to Regis Philbin, who taught me how to be a storyteller."  She continued, "Now, I get to share my mornings with my Michaels. Both Gelman...and of course, nothing makes me happier than starting my day with my Michael Strahan, who has made me a better person."  Copyright © 2015, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
VW and Audi Returning Green Car Of The Year® Awards,... -- SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif., Sept. 30, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- VW and Audi Returning Green Car Of The Year® Awards, Vehicles Deemed Ineligible 08:00 ET from Green Car Journal SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif. , Sept. 30, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Green Car Journal is rescinding the Green Car of the Year® awards previously honoring the 2009 VW Jetta TDI and 2010 Audi A3 TDI, the first time this has occurred in the award program's decade-long history. Audi of America President Scott Keogh has informed Green Car Journal that Audi will return its 2010 Green Car of the Year® award in the wake of Volkswagen Group's admission that it deliberately deceived government authorities about emissions from the Audi A3 TDI. Volkswagen of America has also informed Green Car Journal it will return its 2009 Green Car of the Year® award for the VW Jetta TDI. "Rescinding the Green Car of the Year® awards for the VW Jetta TDI and Audi A3 TDI is unfortunate but appropriate," said Ron Cogan , editor and publisher of the Green Car Journal and CarsOfChange.com. "These models were selected as Green Car of the Year® above others for compelling reasons, including high fuel efficiency, reduced carbon emissions, a fun-to-drive nature, and the ability to meet 50 state emissions requirements with advanced diesel technology." However, VW Group has now admitted that its software programming intentionally caused in-lab emissions testing to read significantly lower nitrogen oxide emissions than these vehicles actually produced on the road. Environmental Protection Agency and California Air Resources Board emissions certifications used in the process of determining award eligibility were thus incorrect, and have since been declared invalid by these government agencies. This means both models would have been ineligible to be finalists in their respective award years. In returning its award, Audi's Keogh added that, "Audi has won hundreds of races and thousands of awards throughout its history. But we only want to win fair and square. Therefore, in light of recent developments, we believe the only right thing to do is to return this important recognition of environmental stewardship. We are determined to compete – and hopefully win – Green Car of the Year® awards the proper way in future years." The annual Green Car of the Year® award recognizes new vehicle models that best raise the bar in environmental performance. Efficiency, emissions, and overall environmental improvement are considered along with market significance, value, and widespread availability to consumers. Contact:
{* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy . {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing...  We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your profile.  If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering!  We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.  Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password  Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *}
Tanzania: #demoafrica2015 - Tango TV Aspires to Become the Leading Provider of On-Demand Internet Streaming Media By Staff Writer  Realizing this potential will require government, industry, academia and financial stakeholders to work together to help overcome the existing barriers, and can play a crucial role in energy system decarburization.  Eco-mc2 is an alternative solution to conventional battery storage and can store energy that has been harnessed from renewable sources. This new stride in both technology and energy landed the local electrical storage solutions provider Leaper Innovate Green Energies (LIGE) an award, the 2015 World Wildlife Federation Climate Solver award for its Eco-mc2 compressed air energy storage technology.  Patents in South Africa and off and running with a 5 year contract for 90 storage systems per month - LiGE is now ready for substantial investment into manufacturing the Eco-mc2 Storage Systems from 40KWh to many MWh Systems. This contract translates to more than US $200 million. LiGE eco-mc² has been successful in securing US $1 million recently. Africa  African Union chairman Robert Mugabe is Monday expected to push for the inclusion of the push to defer the case facing … see more » Copyright © 2015 CIO East Africa. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media ( allAfrica.com ). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 2,000 reports a day from more than 130 news organizations and over 200 other institutions and individuals , representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica . To address comments or complaints, please Contact us .
LEASE financing jumped by 60.2 per cent or $334 million in July. THE Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) said unusual activity impacted the original and seasonal adjusted series for lease finance. The rise was driven by the plant and equipment category, but the ABS did not provide any further detail, probably because of commercial sensitivity. "Due to this unusual activity, a correction has been applied to the trend series for lease finance in July 2015," the ABS said. The trend measure, which is a smoothed out version of seasonally adjusted, showed that lease financing was down by 0.1 per cent. The value of new personal loans fell 2.6 per cent in July to $7.36 billion. Commercial loans, which include investor housing finance, fell 2.7 per cent to $46.31 billion, according to seasonally adjusted numbers from the Australian Bureau of Statistics. Housing finance for owner occupiers rose 2.2 per cent to $19.23 billion.
'Detours' podcast: Theatre Bizarre, '30 Americans' at DIA Latest episode of Freep's entertainment podcast also checks in at the Red Bull House of Art Post to Facebook 'Detours' podcast: Theatre Bizarre, '30 Americans' at DIA Latest episode of Freep's entertainment podcast also checks in at the Red Bull House of Art Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/1LuOWDI Cancel Send A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs 'Detours' podcast: Theatre Bizarre, '30 Americans' at DIA Famed masquerade party Theatre Bizarre, the "30 Americans" exhbit at the DIA and the Red Bull House of Art are all spotlighted in this episode of the Detroit Free Press' weekly culture podcast, 'Detours.' Rob St. Mary hosts. Steve Byrne, Detroit Free Press Staff Writer 12:21 a.m. EDT October 15, 2015 Buy Photo Artist John Dunivant is the mastermind behind Theatre Bizarre photographed at the Masonic Temple in Detroit on Sunday, October 11, 2015. (Photo: Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press) Buy Photo  Legendary Detroit masquerade party Theatre Bizarre, the new "30 Americans" exhibit at the Detroit Institute of Arts and the latest cycle of work at the Red Bull House of Art are all spotlighted in the latest installment of the Free Press’ “Detours” podcast, which hits iTunes and freep.com today.  • Theatre Bizarre mastermind John Dunivant talks about the inspiration for the sold-out masquerade party and what's in store for this year's installment, which is being held this weekend at Detroit's Masonic Temple.  • Opening this weekend at the Detroit Institute of Arts, the "30 Americans" exhibit is among the DIA's most anticipated installations of the year. Free Press arts writer Mark Stryker tells you what to expect from the show, which takes a frank look at questions of race, identity and history through the eyes of top contemporary African-American artists, among them Jean-Michel Basquiat and Nick Cave.  • Changes are afoot at the Red Bull House of Art , and curator Matt Eaton has the lowdown on how the popular Eastern Market gallery is aiming to broaden its reach. The venue's latest cycles of artists will be on displaying beginning with an opening event at on Friday.  Attendees at the Red Bull House of Art in Detroit's Eastern Market. (Photo: Sal Rodriguez)  • "This Week in Detroit Arts History" recalls the Motor City connection to kiddie character and pop-culture icon Gumby.  • The weekly Top 5 includes details on the opening of Cellarmen's in Hazel Park , author Bonnie Jo Campbell's metro Detroit appearances , "Evil Dead: The Musical" at the City Theatre and more.  Hosted weekly by arts journalist Rob St. Mary , with an assist from Free Press arts & entertainment editor Steve Byrne , “Detours” offers new episodes each Thursday. Listen at freep.com, or subscribe at iTunes . Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1LuOWDI MORE STORIES
By GEIR MOULSON and DAVID RISING Associated Press BERLIN (AP) - German prosecutors on Monday opened an investigation against former Volkswagen CEO Martin Winterkorn to establish what his role was in the company's emissions-rigging scandal. The investigation will concentrate on the suspicion of fraud committed through the sale of vehicles with manipulated emissions data, and aims to determine who was responsible, prosecutors in Braunschweig said in a statement. In the German system, anyone can file a criminal complaint with prosecutors, who are then obliged to examine them and decide whether there is enough evidence to open a formal investigation. In this case, following the revelations about the rigged tests, prosecutors in Braunschweig, near VW's headquarters in Wolfsburg, received about a dozen complaints, including one from Volkswagen itself, said spokeswoman Julia Meyer. She said it was too early to say if and when prosecutors may try and interview Winterkorn himself, and that she did not know whether he already had an attorney to represent him. She said at this stage, she could not estimate how long the investigation would last. "This is a very broad case and in other such investigations it has taken many months, sometimes years," she said. Winterkorn, Volkswagen's CEO since 2007, resigned Wednesday - days after the world's top-selling carmaker admitted that it had rigged diesel emissions to pass U.S. tests during his tenure. He said that he was going "in the interests of the company even though I am not aware of any wrongdoing on my part." Under German law, it is not possible to bring charges against a company - only against individuals. Meyer would not elaborate on specifics of the investigation, and it wasn't clear what Winterkorn's suspected role might be. The head of VW's Porsche division, Matthias Mueller, was appointed Friday as his successor. The company has admitted that it used a piece of engine software to cheat on diesel car emissions tests in the U.S. It will have to fix programming it has said is in some 11 million cars worldwide, far more than the 482,000 originally identified by U.S. authorities. Details on what cars are involved have emerged gradually. The group, which has 12 marques in all, said Friday that some 5 million cars made by its core Volkswagen brand had the diesel engine in question. On Monday, Audi said that 2.1 million of its vehicles also had the engine. Volkswagen shares were down 6.5 percent in midday Frankfurt trading at 108 euros ($120.87).
Aladdin cast reunites to perform 'A Whole New World' Voice actors sound little changed from 1992 UPDATED 12:18 PM CDT Oct 12, 2015 Photos Justin Kahn/Getty Images  The original cast members who sang "A Whole New World" during the magic carpet ride sequence in "Aladdin" reunited to perform the song nearly a quarter century later. Carrey carries coffin at funeral  Jim Carrey's former girlfriend Cathriona White was laid to rest Saturday morning, and Carrey came to pay his respects.  Carrey was among about 300 people who attended the service at Our Lady of Fatima Church in the village of Cappawhite in County Tippe... Actor Randy Quaid arrested at Canadian border  Five years after fleeing to Canada, actor Randy Quaid is back in the United States and in custody.  The 65-year-old star of "Kingpin" and other popular movies was arrested along with his wife, Evi, on Friday as they were trying to cross from Quebec int...
BRIEF-Sqli announces Faber France selects WAX Interactive to launch new e-commerce platform Sept 28  Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom) Trending On Reuters  Find out what’s in store for our digital-everything lives. >  Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news , world news , business news , technology news , headline news, small business news , news alerts, personal finance , stock market , and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video , mobile , and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.  NYSE and AMEX quotes delayed by at least 20 minutes. Nasdaq delayed by at least 15 minutes. For a complete list of exchanges and delays, please click here .
Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...  Mon, Sep 28, 2015, 11:07 BST - UK Markets close in 5 hrs 23 mins Aldi steps up UK growth plan with online sales launch Reuters - UK Focus – 13 minutes ago  * Online offer to start with wine in 2016  * 2014 operating profit down 4 pct at 260.3 mln stg  * Sales up 31 pct to record 6.9 bln stg (Rewrites first paragraph, adds detail, analyst and CEO comments)  By James Davey  LONDON, Sept 28 (Reuters) - The British arm of German discount supermarket chain Aldi plans to launch an online operation, marking the group's first foray into e-commerce in Europe and opening a new front in its battle to raise its share of the tough UK market.  Aldi, which also posted a 4 percent dip in 2014 operating profit, showing discounters are not immune from an industry price war, said on Monday it will begin selling wine by the case online from early next year.  That would be followed by non-food special offers, part of a long-term growth and investment strategy in Britain. "This will enable us to introduce the Aldi brand and some of our best-selling, best-quality and best-value products to thousands more customers," said Chief Executive Matthew Barnes.  Aldi has offered online delivery of alcoholic drinks in Australia since 2013 but has not previously entered e-commerce in Europe, seeing it as not profitable enough.  Barnes told reporters a launch of Aldi's core food range online was "not on the radar right now" and it was not inevitable the firm would eventually do it.  Aldi and rival Lidl are the fastest growing grocers in the UK. Almost half of UK households buying groceries visit Aldi or Lidl every month, researcher Nielsen has said.  With their low price, limited assortment, low cost strategy they have won share from Tesco (Xetra: 852647 - news ) , Asda, Sainsbury (Amsterdam: SJ6.AS - news ) and Morrison, forcing Britain's "big four" to cut prices, improve product quality and boost customer service.  All four are competing for a share of the fast growing grocery e-commerce market, with Morrison the last to go online when it struck a deal with Ocado in 2013.  Grocery e-commerce in Britain is more advanced than elsewhere in Europe, accounting for about 5 percent of sales and forecast by researchers IGD to grow to 8.6 percent by 2020.  Analysts said Aldi's first move online will cause trepidation among Britain's big four, already nervous over the possible launch of Amazon Fresh in the UK.  "Aldi adds yet another string to its bow that will be a major worry to the likes of Ocado, Sainsbury's and Tesco," said Julie Palmer, partner at consultancy Begbies Traynor (LSE: BEG.L - news ) .  Aldi, Britain's seventh largest grocer with a 5.6 percent market share according to researcher Kantar Worldpanel, made an operating profit of 260.3 million pounds ($395 million) in 2014, down from 271.4 million the previous year, reflecting price cuts and higher staff costs.  That profit fall came despite sales increasing 31 percent to a record 6.89 billion pounds as the company opened new outlets. It (Other OTC: ITGL - news ) has 598 stores in the UK and is targeting 1,000 by 2022.  While rivals are cutting capital expenditure, Aldi invested a record 438 million pounds in stores and distribution centres in 2014. ($1 = 0.6587 pounds) (Editing by Li-mei Hoang and David Holmes)
BY TIMOTHY GUY / STAFF WRITER Published: Oct. 13, 2015 11:31 p.m. RIVERSIDE: Go Indiana Jones at UCR's Archaeology Day event Print Photo Share Pin It More Galleries ADVERTISEMENT Families can learn about archaeology in Riverside this weekend. These ancient artifacts, from La Sierra University, were on display at the Western Science Center in Hemet. COURTESY PHOTO Related article » Knock the dust off that old fedora; there’s an adventure to discover in Riverside. The 3rd Annual UC Riverside International Archaeology Day Expo will be unearthed Saturday, Oct. 17. The event celebrates International Archaeology Day and California Archaeology Month by educating the public with presentations and exhibitions. Some of the activities include a look at Native American rocks and a mock crime scene. Educational lectures will cover topics such as rock art, facial reconstruction and cultural resource management. Children will be a part of the fun with an interactive exhibit creating an archaeology site using cereal. They’ll also be given a passport, which will need to be stamped by various exhibitors and a prize will be awarded. Boy Scouts will also have the opportunity to work on merit badges in the field of American Cultures, Archaeology, and Surveying. 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 17, Hidden Valley Nature Center, 11401 Arlington Ave., Riverside. Free, parking is $5. Contact the writer: features@pe.com
Tweet Most learning accommodations can now be taken care of with software, said Lynne L’Hommedieu, director of Student Disability Services. While the accommodations that students receive depend on their disabilities, Student Disability Services can provide students who are registered with their office with software that records and transcribes notes, read textbooks and emails, take photos of the board during lectures and insert them into their notes and more. The software, which includes Kurzweil 3000, Dragon, Sonocent and AudioNote, is available for free to students registered with their office and they can use it throughout internships and into their careers, said Coordinator of Adaptive Technology Colleen Hanna. They just finished introducing new software to students and hosted a workshop on technology on Friday, Sept. " target="_blank">  Technology has made classes at Central Michigan University more accessible for on-campus students with disabilities, but work is still being done to make improvements.  Accessibility for students with disabilities is being updated by offering software to make classes easier to navigate, new buildings being added to campus that are more accessible, and the Accessibility and Advisory Council providing resources to make on-campus events more accessible.  Most learning accommodations in classrooms can be taken care of with software, said Lynne L’Hommedieu, director of Student Disability Services.  Accommodations students receive depend on their disabilities, but students registered with Student Disability Services can have access to the new software for free.  The software was introduced to students in a workshop on Friday, Sept. 25.  Other than recording and transcribing notes, the software can read textbooks and emails, take photos of the board during lectures and insert photos into notes. It includes Kurzweil 3000, Dragon, Sonocent and AudioNote, and can be utilized throughout internships and as students pursue their careers, said Coordinator of Adaptive Technology Colleen Hanna.  The student note takers offered through Student Disability Office attend classes and take notes for students with disabilities. However, L’Hommedieu said she hopes the number of student note takers will decrease dramatically within the next couple years and be replaced by their technology that records and transcribes lectures.  Student note takers are hard to find, especially for upper level classes, she said.  “More and more, we’re going to keep moving in that direction (of technology) because it allows students to operate independently (like) any other student, and not depend on another person,” she said.  Freeland senior Dakota Burch, who is visually impaired, uses Kurzweil to scan books. He can't see well enough to read, so he uses a screen reader.  “(Technology) makes the assignments more accessible so we don’t have to ask for help all the time or have people read it to us,” he said. “It just (allows) us to be able to enjoy college without thinking of it like, ‘Oh, I can’t do this; why can’t I do this?’ and stressing us out.”  The office of Student Disability Services offers various accommodations, with the most popular one being extended time and a quiet space for tests.  “I think for the most part, CMU has come a long way in terms of striving for accessibility,” said Beth Kennedy, American Sign Language instructor and co-chair of the Accessibility and Disability Advisory Council.  She said some buildings on campus are older and not as accessible, while newer buildings have shown more positive changes.  “In terms of accessibility of historical buildings and older things, it’s not just an issue at CMU, but around the world, so it’s exciting to see more and more new construction,” she said.  The Accessibility and Disability Advisory Council, which has almost 40 members from various departments and offices on campus, hopes to make on-campus events more accessible.  “One of our goals I’m most excited about is that we have some funds we’re allotting in the ADAC budget, which is small, where people who are having an event on campus can contact us if they have a need to make an event accessible,” Kennedy said. “If they’re not able to afford interpreters or there’s been a community request for something they don’t have, (people running the event) can contact us and we can try to help with that.”  She said making events accessible for as many people as possible is important, but can be a barrier because of people’s budgets. They’ve already had some requests for interpreters this year. If ADAC can’t provide the funding, she said, their intention is to help people look for other partners to ensure accessibility at events.  “Accessibility is something lots of people can benefit from, so the more we all rally around that, I think the world will be a more accessible place for everyone,” Kennedy said.
By JEFF HORSEMAN / STAFF WRITER Published: Oct. 12, 2015 Updated: 10:20 p.m. PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE: Inland Democrats hope to continue Obama’s momentum Print Photo Share Pin It 1 of 3 More Galleries ADVERTISEMENT President Barack Obama won in the Inland area in both 2008 and 2012. Area Democrats hope to continue the winning streak. , SUSAN WALSH, ASSOCIATED PRESS Related article » DEMS DEBATE When: Coverage begins at 5:30 p.m. Where: Wynn resort, Las Vegas Candidates: Lincoln Chafee, Hillary Clinton, Martin O'Malley, Bernie Sanders, Jim Webb How to Watch/Listen: CNN/CNN.com. Westwood One News will broadcast the debate on its radio stations. Barack Obama not only gave America its first black president. He gave Inland Democrats momentum. In 2008, Obama became the first Democratic presidential candidate since Bill Clinton in 1992 to win Riverside and San Bernardino counties. He repeated the feat in 2012, a year Democrats won several hotly contested races for Inland offices. As they gather to watch the first debate of Democratic White House hopefuls Tuesday, Oct. 13, local Democrats hope to keep the trend going for their party’s 2016 nominee. “We worked awfully hard for President Obama,” said Howard Katz, chairman of the Riverside County Democratic Central Committee. “That’s going to be repeated (in 2016).” Scott Mann, chairman of the Republican Party of Riverside County, said delivering the county for the GOP nominee is a top priority. “Frankly, neither (Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders) have the star power that President Obama had,” Mann said. “He was able to get out the vote unlike any other Democratic candidate in decades.” Traditionally, the Inland Empire has been a Republican bastion in a state that traditionally favors Democrats. Statewide, registered Democratic voters outnumbered registered Republicans 43 to 28 percent as of February. But in Riverside County, Republicans hold a 4 percentage point edge in voter registration. Registered Democrats outnumber Republicans 38 to 34 percent in San Bernardino County. Democrats are on a winning streak when it comes to competitive Inland elections. State Sen. Richard Roth, Assemblyman Jose Medina and Rep. Mark Takano, all Riverside Democrats, defeated well-funded Republicans in 2012, the same year Democrat Raul Ruiz staged a come-from-behind win against veteran GOP congresswoman Mary Bono. Last year, Democrat Pete Aguilar survived a competitive primary and a challenge from Republican Paul Chabot to win a San Bernardino County congressional seat vacated by a Republican. Also in 2014, Ruiz won re-election in a Riverside County district where the GOP has a slight voter-registration advantage. Obama won San Bernardino County with 52 percent of the vote in both his presidential elections. In Riverside County, he squeaked out a win over Republican Mitt Romney in 2012 and beat GOP nominee John McCain by roughly 2 percentage points in 2008. To end the Democrats’ winning streak with Obama, Mann said local Republicans are actively recruiting voters. An “aggressive” get-out-the-vote effort will launch “at the appropriate time,” he said. Katz said local Democrats will meet later this month to strategize for the 2016 election. He recalled what Inland Democrats did to help Obama, including knocking on doors, handing out literature and selling buttons and T-shirts. Which presidential candidate wins the Inland Empire might come down to how each party’s voters feel about their nominee. A nonpartisan Field Poll released last week showed support for Clinton among likely voters in California’s Democratic primary slipping, with support for Sanders growing from February to October of this year. Katz said he has noticed more enthusiasm from Sanders supporters compared to Clinton’s. “Bernie brings out that kind of emotionalism,” he said, adding that Sanders and Clinton are both well-qualified for the White House. One factor in Democrats’ favor is the growing ranks of Inland Latinos. As a group, Latinos tend to vote for Democrats. “Any credible Democrat has a good chance in the Inland Empire, provided that Hispanic Democratic turnout is strong,” said Jack Pitney, a professor of politics at Claremont McKenna College. However, if Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, a Cuban American, wins the GOP nomination, “the advantage could shift to the Republicans,” Pitney said. Contact the writer: 951-368-9547 or jhorseman@pe.com
Hajj Pilgrimage Safety Challenges Crowd Simulator Technology By Jeremy Hsu Reprint Photo: Mosa'ab Elshamy/AP Photo  A crowd stampede that caused at least 769 deaths at the annual Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca provided a stark reminder of the safety challenges at the most congested public space in the world. The millions of pilgrims who visit Mecca and other holy sites in Saudi Arabia each year often crowd into spaces as densely packed as six people per square meter. Such crowd densities present a huge challenge for both public safety authorities and computer simulation software designed to help model and predict crowd disasters.  In 2010, Saudi Arabia hosted an international design competition aimed at safely accommodating more pilgrims at Mecca’s Grand Mosque, which houses the cube-shaped Kaaba building representing Islam’s holiest site. One of the main proposals came from Gensler, a U.S. architectural design firm. Gensler brought along some special outside expertise in the form of Cenk Tunasar , a principal at the strategic innovation group of Booz Allen Hamilton. Tunasar sees a combination of infrastructure design, technology and operational planning as the best way to manage huge crowds and avoid potential disaster. Simulation run times were about 10 to 20 times slower than real time crowd movement  “ I don’t believe you can directly control crowds efficiently,” Tunasar says. “You can control capacity, but crowds can figure out [efficient crowd movement] themselves with the right information.”  Tunasar and the Gensler team figured out how to double the Grand Mosque’s peak visitor rate from 40,000 to 102,000 people per hour. They also calculated how to reduce crowd densities from six to four people per square meter. Typically, swarms of pilgrims must perform a series of “Tawaf ” rituals requiring them to circle around the Kaaba building within the Grand Mosque seven times in a counter-clockwise direction.  The new proposal suggested adding a separate floor ringing the Kaaba to segregate the usual ground floor crowd into smaller, more manageable crowds. That design philosophy helped retain some measure of safety rather than simply expanding the Grand Mosque’s ground floor and having more people in the same space. “If something did happen, a separate space means you can at least stop feeding people into the channels leading to that space,” Tunasar said.  But simulating the huge Hajj crowds was no cakewalk. Tunasar soon realized that commercial off-the-self software made for simulating crowds was unable to handle the crowd densities at the Hajj. (To put six people per square meter into perspective, imagine five other people squeezed next to you in a space bounded by dimensions shorter than your arm span.) He eventually ended up coding people’s movements in multiple simulation software languages and using several different types of software, as detailed in a paper presented at the 2013 Simulation Conference .  The Hajj pilgrimage also represents a very different scenario from the usual crowds being simulated by commercial software. Such software typically assumes the scenario involves a high throughput or fast rate of people passing through a given space; one example would be airline passengers trying to get through airport security as fast as possible. But Hajj pilgrims tend to take their time in performing rituals and savoring the religious experience; many can spend decades on the waiting lists to visit Mecca.  Eventually, the crowd simulations ran up against their limits: Simulating the huge Hajj crowds with collision modeling—accounting for each individual person’s physical space—proved impractical for assessing all the design possibilities for the project. Just one day’s worth of simulations on an Intel 16 Core server with 64 gigabytes main memory took over two weeks to run; simulation run times were about 10 to 20 times slower than real time crowd movement.  “ We needed to constantly try alterations but to also have a very logical way of testing,” Tunasar explained. “If you want to do detailed simulations, they’re too expensive to try for all the designs.”  Tunasar’s solution was to avoid using the simulation software during the project’s design phase, which required quick calculations to assess the viability of each possible design for the Hajj. Instead, he turned to a much simpler crowd modeling based on queuing theory, which considers the arrival of certain entities in a system and their behavior related to time spent in the system. In this case, the “entities” are the pilgrims and the “behavior” involves their pilgrimage path and rituals surrounding the holy sites.  The key formula from queuing theory that proved most helpful is called Little’s Law . The law simply calculates the number of pilgrims present as the rate of arrival to the Grand Mosque multiplied by the time spent in the Grand Mosque. That allowed Tunasar and the Gensler team to quickly test different designs and then use the crowd simulation software to validate the best choices.  The recent deadly disaster at Mecca did not take place at the Grand Mosque. Instead, it took place at a different point along the pilgrimage route that extends between the Grand Mosque and multiple holy sites. The stampede occurred in an area with two huge lines of pilgrims converging at right angles on an intersection near the Jamarat Bridge, about 5 kilometers from Mecca, BBC News reports.  It’s tough to say exactly what could have been done better to prevent this particular stampede. But technology could make it easier to safely manage the huge crowds at the Hajj in the future, Tunasar says. He suggested that surveillance cameras and computer software could keep an eye on crowds to detect early signs of crowd movement trouble. An early warning might give authorities time to deal with congestion by closing certain entrances or opening alternative exits.  The Saudi Ministry of Hajj has already begun considering plans to give all pilgrims an electronic bracelet with individual identification, GPS, a prayer times alert, a compass and a guide to the Hajj, according to Al Arabiya News . Tunasar pointed out that such bracelets could theoretically also include a vibrating or alert signal to tell pilgrims when it’s time to slow down and possibly prevent a crowd situation from getting worse. A simple signal could be much easier than shouting at a multilingual crowd from all over the world through loudspeakers.  Tunasar’s research into crowds has given him trust in how they can efficiently “self-regulate” their movements and find the most efficient entrances and exits. But in order to self-regulate, crowds must have vital sources of information about possible travel routes, such as an alternative airport security checkpoint or pilgrimage path.  Of course, crowds also can’t do much if the existing infrastructure—building passages, doorways, and roads—don’t give them any movement options. Danger can often occur at big crowd events because of such inflexible, fixed infrastructure, Tunasar says. Changing the local infrastructure can be as simple as opening a closed doorway or removing road barriers. That’s a lesson that could apply equally to either the Hajj or a music festival.  “My thinking is that 21st century architecture should be able to flexibly expand and contract,” Tunasar says. Learn More
Home » News » Entertainment » Arts » The top 10 books… The top 10 books on Apple’s iBooks-US By The Associated Press October 13, 2015 12:54 pm  iBook charts for week ending October 12, 2015:  Top Paid Books  1. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone by J.K. Rowling – 9781781105849 – (Pottermore)  2. The Martian by Andy Weir – 9780804139038 – (Crown/Archetype)  3. The Survivor by Kyle Mills & Vince Flynn – 9781476783475 – (Atria/Emily Bestler Books)  4. The Murder House by David Ellis & James Patterson – 9780316337977 – (Little, Brown and Company)  5. Twilight Tenth Anniversary/Life and Death Dual Edition by Stephenie Meyer – 9780316268684 – (Little, Brown Books for Young Readers)  6. Killing Reagan by Bill O’Reilly & Martin Dugard – 9781627792424 – (Henry Holt and Co.)  7. Pretty Girls by Karin Slaughter – 9780062429063 – (William Morrow)  8. Make Me by Lee Child– 9780804178785 – (Random House Publishing Group)  9. Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets by J.K. Rowling – 9781781105856 – (Pottermore)  10. The Girl in the Spider’s Web by David Lagercrantz – 9780385354295 – (Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group)  ___
Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...  Mon, Sep 28, 2015, 16:33 BST - UK Markets closed Corbynomics has missed its moment; it no longer has any relevance By Jeremy Warner | Telegraph – 22 minutes ago Print  John McDonnell has rowed back from some of the extreme positions he adopted as a backbencher  Ever since being appointed shadow chancellor a turn of events which I’m quite sure was as much of a surprise to him as everyone else John McDonnell has been fast rowing back from some of the more extreme positions he adopted while a “mere” backbencher.  With his conference speech today , he completed his transition from Dave Spart sound-alike to…well, something intended to be a bit more voter friendly and reassuring. The wolf is attempting to don sheep's clothing.  He still seems to believe that there is a £100bn plus pot of unpaid taxes out there ready for the plucking , which the Treasury has somehow hitherto missed, and he still thinks there is a lot to be said for “People’s QE” central bank money printing to finance infrastructure spending.  But he no longer proposes to strip the Bank of England of its independence you’d be amazed how many Corbynistas think the Bank ought to be nationalised, apparently unaware that it already is and instead plans merely to write a letter urging the Bank to pursue this policy tool, together with a review of the Bank's remit and its forecasting record. Good luck with that one.  In any case, he wants to “consult” as widely as possible in his quest for the new Jerusalem.  He’s also appointed a panel of worthy advisers to lend a veneer of respectability to the Labour leadership’s still somewhat whacky ideas for magicking up money from nowhere.  Most of these advisers are on record as backing the idea of People’s QE, or at least some semblance of it. Indeed, they seem to have been deliberately selected to tell the new shadow Chancellor what he wants to hear.  Richard Murphy, a former tax adviser who claims to be the architect of Corbynomics, has meanwhile told the Telegraph that he turned down the chance to serve on the Panel, adding somewhat grandly: “I'd rather be back in my garden shed thinking big thoughts about the big issues facing the economy."  And that, we must hope, is where they will remain.  Meanwhile the economy continues to motor along quite nicely, which only leads to further questions about the relevance of Labour’s alternative economic agenda.  Revisions to the GDP data this week are expected not only to confirm that there was no double dip, but that the economy was growing right through the extended period of “flat-lining” complained of by Labour.  Indeed, the profile of the UK recovery is beginning to look not that dissimilar to that of the US, which is supposed to have spurned “austerity” and therefore done so much better than the UK. This script is beginning to look a bogus one. Corbynomics have missed the boat.
Jimmy Davis and Georgia Denton eliminated from The X Factor Seanna Cronin | 13th Oct 2015 8:45 PM Updated: 8:46 PM Seanna Cronin APN Entertainment Editor A US ex-pat, Seanna has been writing about the Australian entertainment industries for the past six years and is also a documentary producer, photographer and scuba diver. Jimmy Davis performs The Killers song When You Were Young on The X Factor. Channel 7 Cars For Sale  COORAN's Jimmy Davis and Melbourne teen Georgia Denton were eliminated from The X Factor tonight.  While Denton has been in the bottom two before, it was the first time Davis has faced elimination on the reality singing show.  Davis dedicated his final performance of Elton John's Rocket Man on the show to his mum, and biggest supporter, Robyn.  "If you're coming into the this thing as an independent artist try to stay true to who you are," Davis said.  His mentor Chris Isaak added: "I'm hoping when Jimmy is playing in arenas, he remembers me."  Guy Sebastian cast the deciding vote in Davis's elimination, choosing to give Brisbane-based Kiwi jazz singer Mahalia Simpson another chance.  "I feel like you've kind of been scattered all over the place," Sebastian said.  "Last night... wasn't a home run but it was on the right path."  Denton's mentor Dannii Minogue came under fire last night for her song choices for the teen, while 22-year-old Davis was praised for going back to basics with his acoustic rendition of The Killers' When You Were Young.  Fans of the "ranga rocker" took to social media to express their disappointment with his elimination. If Ed Sheeran can make it with just his voice and his guitar, so can @JimmyTheButt 😎 #XFactorAU — Sincerely Eddie (@SincerelyEd) October 13, 2015  That was a really puzzling decision from the #xfactorau judges. Jimmy's performance tonight was spine tingling. He should have stayed. — Stephen Oxley (@stepox) October 13, 2015  — Shawn Is My BÆ (@CatMendes143) October 13, 2015  Davis hopes to record more of his own music and become a touring artist, playing at music festivals including The Woodford Folk Festival. channel 7
Al-Aqsa mosque compound near the Dome of the Rock mosque in Jerusalem’s old city. Picture: AFP/THOMAS COEX Related articles More than 700 pilgrims die in crush in worst haj disaster for 25 years Nigeria’s Buhari seeks closer alliance against Boko Haram Blast damages citadel wall in Syria’s Unesco-listed Aleppo JERUSALEM — New clashes broke out on Monday morning between Israeli police and Palestinians at Jerusalem’s flashpoint Al-Aqsa mosque compound, an AFP journalist said, with further trouble feared in the week ahead as Jews celebrate the Sukkot holiday. Police were deployed to the compound, known to Jews as the Temple Mount, after clashes a day earlier. Al-Aqsa, the third holiest site in Islam, is also the most sacred place in Judaism. Jews are allowed to visit but not to pray to avoid provoking tensions. Sunday’s clashes involved Palestinian protesters preparing to "defend" the mosque during the eight-day Jewish festival of Sukkot, stocking stones inside the shrine and planning to sleep in it. Young masked Palestinians "threw stones and fireworks at police and border police forces", who responded with "riot dispersal means", police said of Sunday’s clashes. Calm returned to the compound later on Sunday morning and most police were withdrawn, an AFP journalist reported. Visits by Jews were stopped on Sunday and age restrictions on Muslim men entering the compound lifted for the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha, but a ban on under-50s was re-imposed as Sukkot started. Muslims have been alarmed by an increase in visits by Jews and fear rules governing the compound will be changed. Recent weeks have seen a series of Jewish holidays during which there has an been an uptick in visits by Jews that have sparked repeated clashes. The same situation is feared over Sukkot. Jews celebrate Sukkot, or the Feast of Tabernacles, to commemorate their journey through the Sinai wilderness to the Holy Land after their Exodus from Egyptian slavery. According to Biblical tradition, the first and second Jewish temples were located at the site of the Al-Aqsa compound and destroyed by the Babylonians and the Romans. A hardline Jewish minority has sought to build a third temple. In past raids, Israeli police have briefly entered the mosque to close the door on stone-throwing rioters inside and restore calm to the compound. This month over the Jewish New Year holiday, or Rosh Hashanah, police raided the compound to stop what they said were plans by Palestinian youths to disrupt visits to the site. Clashes occurred over three consecutive days between rioters and police, provoking international calls for calm at the highly sensitive site. Israel seized east Jerusalem, where Al-Aqsa is located, in the Six-Day War of 1967 and later annexed it in a move never recognised by the international community. AFP
* Stocks stay on track for best week in eight * Fed rate decision next week hangs in the balance * "Quite a fragile time" - equity fund manager By Jamie McGeever LONDON, Sept 11 (Reuters) - Global stocks around the world slipped into the red on Friday but remained on track for their biggest weekly gain in eight as investors grappled with the possibility of U.S. interest rates rising next week. While next Thursday's eagerly anticipated decision from the Federal Reserve hangs very much in the balance, meaning the potential for market volatility remains high, stocks and government bond yields have moved higher this week. Reflecting the growing uncertainty as the big day approaches, however, the dollar slipped on Friday and was on track for a fall of nearly 1 percent on the week, its first weekly decline in three. "We're going through quite a fragile time, and we'll have to see how it evolves from here. That will depend on Fed action, as well as whether there's further negative news from China," said Veronika Pechlaner, European equity fund manager at Ashburton. "This is not the time to make huge bets either way, but longer term we remain constructive on equities." In early trading on Friday European shares were lower. The FTSEuroFirst index of leading 300 shares was down 0.5 percent at 1,408 points, but still up more than 1 percent on the week, its best performance since mid-July. Britain's FTSE 100 was down 0.2 percent at 6,139 points, Germany's DAX was down 0.5 percent at 10,161 points and France's CAC 40 was off 0.3 percent at 4,582 points. U.S. stock futures slipped 0.2 percent, suggesting a slightly weaker opening on Wall Street. The S&P 500 has bounced back from last week's 3.4 percent fall, however, and is well on track for its best week since July. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipped 0.1 percent, but was on for a rise of more than 2.5 percent on the week, its biggest weekly gain in five months. Chinese shares ended another choppy week little changed on Friday. The Shanghai Composite Index rose 1.2 percent on the week, a welcome relief for investors after it had lost around 20 percent in the preceding three. Chinese industrial output, retail sales and investment data on Sunday will give clues on whether the world's second-largest economy is continuing to lose momentum and help set the tone for markets next week. YUAN FIRMS, DOLLAR STEADIES U.S. data on Thursday suggested the labour market was gaining momentum in early September as fewer Americans filed for weekly unemployment benefits. But a separate report showed weak inflation, further clouding the outlook for what the Fed will decide to do at its Sept. 16-17 policy meeting. Considering volatile global equities, increasing uncertainty over China and emerging markets, and other major central banks around the world easing policy rather than tightening, it could be a high bar for the Fed to raise rates next week. "Our analysis suggests that the recent tightening in financial conditions, if maintained going forward, would be equivalent to around three (rate) hikes," Goldman Sachs U.S. economists wrote in a note to clients. "Given that markets have done much of the Fed's 'dirty work', we expect Fed officials to be on hold at least until December." In currencies the dollar was flat against the yen at 120.50 and the euro was up 0.2 percent at $1.1300, meaning the dollar's trade-weighted index was down slightly at 95.40. The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yield was down a basis point on the day at 2.21 percent, but up 8 basis points so far this week. The two-year yield, which is more sensitive to interest rate moves and expectations, was flat on the day at 0.735 percent but up slightly on the week. On Wednesday, it hit a three-month high of 0.766 percent. In commodities, U.S. crude oil futures gave back some of their overnight gains after top exporter Saudi Arabia said it saw no need for a producer summit to defend prices. U.S. crude was down 2 percent at $45.00 a barrel, after rallying 4 percent earlier on U.S. Energy Information Administration data that showed strong demand for gasoline. Brent, which gained 2.8 percent in the previous session, was down nearly 2 percent at $48.00. Spot gold edged down to $1,108 an ounce, on track to drop more than 1 percent for the week, its third straight weekly fall. (Additional reporting by Alistair Smout in London; Editing by Hugh Lawson ; To read Reuters Global Investing Blog click here ; for the MacroScope Blog click on blogs.reuters.com/macroscope ; for Hedge Fund Blog Hub click on blogs.reuters.com/hedgehub )
China completes runway on Fiery Cross Reef, says IHS Jane's 28 September 2015 Print Email  China has reportedly completed the runway on Fiery Cross Reef in the South China Sea, and is getting closer to making it operational.  According to IHS Jane's, Airbus Defence and Space imagery taken on 20 September showed the presence of helipads and bearings painted on the 3,125m-long runway on the island.  The new finding reveals that China completed bearings of 050° at one end and 230° the other.  Analysis of new satellite imagery from IHS Jane's Defence Weekly stated developments on the reef will allow China to potentially start air patrols over the disputed Spratly Islands. "Images taken in March revealed the start of construction of the first airstrip in the islands."  Images taken in March revealed the start of construction of the first airstrip in the islands. The latest analysis suggests the new development occurred in recent weeks.  US Pacific Command commander admiral Harry Harris was quoted by USNI News saying: "If you look at all of these facilities, and you could imagine a network of missiles sites, runways for their fifth generation fighters and surveillance sites and all that, it creates a mechanism in which China would have de facto control over the South China Sea in any scenario short of war."  According to IHS Jane's analysis, China continue to build multiple structures on the island, including a seawall in the harbour, and concrete road networks.  The analysis sees dumping of topsoil along the side of the runway as the first attempts to grow food on the island or could be the start of landscaping designed to prevent erosion.  The report also revealed that China completed works on the smaller islands at Hughes, McKennan, Johnson South, Cuateron, and Gaven reefs and intalled communication and military hardware. Dredging still continues at Subi and Mischief Reefs.  Image: Images taken on 20 September shows the presence of helipads and bearings painted on the 3,125m-long runway on the island. Photo: courtesy of CNES 2015, Distribution Airbus DS / 2015 IHS: 1640203. Follow Us:
DUBLIN--(BUSINESSWIRE)-- Research and Markets ( http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/vc9d2h/investigation ) has announced the addition of the "Investigation Report on China's Ranibizumab Market, 2012-2019" report to their offering.  Developed by Novartis, ranibizumab was approved by CFDA to treat wet age- related macular degeneration (AMD) in 2012. Currently, only Lucentis, a product of Novartis, is available in the Chinese market. However, in Dec. 2013, as the first self- developed drug for the treatment of wet AMD in China, conbercept ophthalmic injection got CFDA's approval.  Ranibizumab developed fast after entering China, with sales value in 19 sample hospitals in key cities in 2014 reaching CNY 245 million with a year-on-year growth of 26.29% and CAGR during the last three years reaching 200%. With ageing population, the incidence of macular degeneration goes up gradually. Hence the vast demand for ranibizumab in China. Currently, ranibizumab injections in mainland China all come from Novartis. But as conbercept ophthalmic injection is proved by the clinical studies to improve vision better with a lower administration frequency, it is expected to break the monopoly of Novartis in the wet AMD drug market in the next few years.  Readers can get at the following information from this report:  - market size of ranibizumab in China  - competitive landscape of ranibizumab in the Chinese market  - price of ranibizumab made by different enterprises in China  - market outlook of ranibizumab in China  Key Topics Covered:  1 Related Concepts of Ranibizumab  2 Market Profile of Ranibizumab in China  3 Survey on Sales Status of Ranibizumab in China, 2012-2014  4 Survey on Market Share of Major Manufacturers of Ranibizumab in China, 2012-2014  5 Survey on Dosage Forms of Ranibizumab in China, 2012-2014  6 Reference Price of Ranibizumab in Chinese Hospitals in 2014  7 Major Manufacturers of Ranibizumab in Chinese Market, 2012-2014  8 Market Outlook of Ranibizumab in China, 2015-2019  For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/vc9d2h/investigation   View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150828005311/en/  Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Sector: Chemicals
Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...  Wed, Sep 9, 2015, 15:15 BST - UK Markets close in 1 hr 15 mins Anglo American sells Rustenberg operations to Sibanye Gold By Michele Maatouk | Sharecast – 4 minutes 23 seconds ago 1.29 0.00  LONDON (ShareCast) - (ShareCast News) - Anglo American (LSE: AAL.L - news ) 's wholly-owned subsidiary Anglo American Platinum has reached an agreement to sell its loss-making Rustenberg mining and concentrating operations to Sibanye Gold (Other OTC: SBGLF - news ) for at least ZAR4.5bn. The amount will consist of an upfront payment in cash or Sibanye shares of ZAR1.5bn and a deferred consideration equal to 35% of the distributable free cash flow generated by the Rustenberg operations over a defined period, with a minimum amount payable of ZAR3bn.  Anglo said the sale follows a review of the company's portfolio in response to the structural changes taking place in the platinum industry, which resulted in the Rustenberg operations being consolidated to three mines from five.  In 2014, the company announced the repositioning of its portfolio to focus on low-cost production through shifting towards mechanized operations.  Given the number of operations within its portfolio, Anglo believed certain operations would receive greater management focus under different ownership where the mines will not be competing for allocation of capital. As a result, it announced its intent to exit from certain non-core operations, including Rustenburg.  Anglo American Platinum's chief executive officer Chris Griffith said: "We are pleased to announce a significant milestone in the repositioning of our portfolio with the disposal of the Rustenburg operations to Sibanye.  "The Rustenburg operations are quality assets with long-term and sustainable potential under Sibanye's control, given their proven and successful track record of operating conventional mines in South Africa. Our focus from the outset has been to identify the right option for the business, its stakeholders and shareholders and we believe we have concluded a beneficial transaction for both parties, whilst also securing a sustainable future for the Rustenburg operations." RBC Capital Markets said that while the financial impact of the sale of the Rustenberg mine may not be large, the deal is positive for sentiment and boosts management's credibility.  "Coming soon after the sale of Anglo Norte to Audley for at least $300m, the Rustenberg disposal is an important milestone in Anglo's efforts to restructure its portfolio," the Canadian bank said.  At 1030 BST, Anglo American shares were up 7.1% at 753.90p.
Apple sells 13 million new iPhones in 3 days By Associated Press | September 28, 2015 @ 6:37 am Share  NEW YORK (AP) -- Apple says it sold 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Plus phones in the three days since its iPhone launch, topping last year's early sales mark.  Apple sold 10 million IPhone 6 and 6 Plus models during their first weekend last year. This year's results include sales in China which was included in the initial launch for the first time.  Apple said previously that preorders were so strong that it expected to surpass last year's record.  The new models have more memory and faster processors, along with a new 12 mega-pixel camera and starts at $649. Apple and wireless service providers are also offering leasing and monthly installment plans.  Cupertino, California-based Apple Inc. says the phones will be available in 40 additional countries beginning Oct. 9 including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan.  Copyright © The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bumblebees May Be Adapting to Increase Declining Populations, Researchers Say September 29, 2015  Rising temperatures in alpine habitats worldwide have resulted in declines of flowering among indigenous plants and contributed to dramatic declines in populations of several bumblebee species... Read More Study Examines Bed Bug Movement Between Apartments September 23, 2015  Rutgers University researchers, Drs. Richard Cooper, Changlu Wang, and Narinderpal Singh, investigated bed bug movement within and between apartments to see how far bed bugs moved in this setting. Read More Bed Bug Sends Philadelphia City Hall Workers Home September 18, 2015  Workers in Philadelphia City Hall's were sent home early one day last week after a bed bug was found where they work, NBC10 reported. Read More The Pulse
